,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Job Description,Rating,Employment Type,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,English Requirement,Dutch Requirement,Sector,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,waste management,Indeed,pj_0f76b2573d961a00,Senior Campaigner on Diets and Climate,Feedback legally registered as Global Feedback Ltd, Amsterdam Centrum,"How to applyPlease apply at https://feedbackglobal.org/job/senior-campaigner-netherlands-diets-and-climate-change/ where you are asked to submit, in Word or PDF format, a CV / resume and cover letter (no more than 2 sides of A4 each), explaining how you meet the person specification and why you would like to work at Feedback. Please include one paragraph in your cover letter in Dutch .For a short background chat about the role, please arrange for a call with Karen Luyckx at Feedback.Closing date for applications is Tuesday 26th January at midnight.Shortlisted candidates will be notified on Friday 29th January.Interviews will be held online via Zoom on Thursday 4th and Monday 8th February and will include a short, written task to be carried out the day of the interview.Company descriptionFeedback is an environmental campaigning charity working to regenerate nature by transforming the food system. We are mainly based in London but are launching a new office in the Netherlands in 2021.Vacancy textKey informationJob title : Senior CampaignerReporting to:  Head of Policy and MediaSalary : 3,500-4,500 euros per month pro rata, according to experienceContract : 4 days per week (30 hours), with a high degree of flexibility over working hours (core hours 10-4). 25 days annual leave, pro rataDuration : 6 month initial contract, subject to extension to 12 months. The successful candidate will initially be employed by our ally Stichting Changing Markets for the first six months, but line managed by Feedback through a secondment arrangement. The 1 month probationary period of this first phase will count as full probationary period and would not need to be repeated when the contract is switched to Feedback. Feedback is currently in the process of formalizing its presence as a registered charity (Stichting) in the Netherlands.Start date : Flexible - ideally February 2021Location : Location flexible within the Netherlands. A desk in a co-working space will be provided, however the candidate will also have the possibility to work from home, according to preference and Dutch government guidance and regulation in response to Coronavirus.Note: We regrettably cannot offer visa sponsorship for this position. You must possess the right to work in the EU.About UsFeedback is a London-based environmental campaign group. We work to regenerate nature by transforming our food system. Food production is the single greatest impact humans have on the environment. From mountains of food waste, to habitat destruction to grow animal feed for factory farms, to soil depletion leaving future harvests at risk: the food system needs to change. Founded in 2013, we combine investigative research, campaigns, community outreach and on-the-ground pilot projects for a better food system.About the roleThis is an exciting and unique opportunity to bring Feedback's pioneering campaigning on sustainable diets and supermarkets to a new European context. We are seeking a senior campaigner to manage our program of work on meat, diets and climate change in the Netherlands. Based in Amsterdam, or another location in the Netherlands, subject to discussion, the successful candidate will also be Feedback's first EU-based employee, building on our history of campaigning across the EU and in Member States on food and environment issues.We're looking for a self-starter who is able to work independently and take the initiative, to work closely with Feedback's existing staff in London, to launch and manage a program of campaigning to ensure that the private sector, in particular supermarkets, play a central role in halving public meat and dairy consumption by 2030. Your role will involve building relationships and coalitions in the Netherlands, at EU level and in Member States, drawing learning from Feedback's UK campaigning on meat, diets and supermarkets, and developing and implementing a campaign plan for the Dutch context. For the right candidate, there will be significant opportunities for development and leadership of Feedback's work in Europe. Feedback is in the process of setting up a foundation in the Netherlands as our long-term EU base. The successful candidate will initially be employed by our ally Stichting Changing Markets for the first six months, but line managed by Feedback through a secondment arrangement. The 1 month probationary period of this first phase will count as full probationary period and would not need to be repeated when the contract is switched to Feedback. Feedback is currently in the process of formalizing its presence as a registered charity (Stichting) in the NetherlandsIn the short-term, while this process is underway, the successful candidate will be contracted by Changing Markets Foundation, close allies of Feedback. After the initial 6-month contract via Changing Markets, the employee will transfer to a contract with Feedback.To be successful in this role, you will need to be passionate about addressing head-on the damage that our food system causes to our climate, ecology and biodiversity. You will be an experienced campaigner, with a strong understanding of the environmental and climate sector in the Netherlands and a good grasp of the interactions between food systems and environmental issues. You will be keen to demonstrate your creativity and initiative in establishing Feedback's campaign in a new location and will have excellent skills in identifying and developing new relationships and communicating with colleagues in a remote setting. You will be able to demonstrate your strong campaign instincts and sound political judgment in creating and implementing campaign plans. We look forward to welcoming you to our team.Job DescriptionThe main responsibilities of this role are:To manage Feedback's campaign activity on diets and climate change in the Netherlands (approx. 80% of time)To facilitate the development, and to implement, a campaign strategy to catalyse supermarket and food business action on 'less and better' meat and dairy in the Netherlands, aiming at a long-term reduction of 50% in meat and dairy sales.To build on Feedback's existing reports and research to develop indicators to assess and rank Dutch food businesses against the campaign goals.To create media stories and digital content and use social media and other tools to achieve campaign goals.To develop and embed relationships with relevant contacts in business, civil society and public policy in the Netherlands and at EU-level.To recruit and manage external contractors (such as media consultants or designers) as required.To support and implement a plan to monitor and evaluate this campaign work.Contribute to campaign and policy strategy development, fundraising and other core parts of Feedback's work (approx. 20% of time)To scope and research potential campaign angles on Feedback's issues in the Netherlands and more broadly across the EU.To develop EU-wide relationships on environment and food issues and develop future partnerships.To ensure high standards of project management, including reporting to funders and managing a budget.To contribute to future fundraising bids in support of this role and Feedback's wider ambitions in the EU.To undertake some administrative tasks in support of this role, as required.To play a part in the wider Feedback team, contributing to problem solving, content and strategy development.Person specificationTo deliver in this role you will need to have:A passion for creating environmental and climate change through campaigning, and at least 5 years' experience achieving corporate and policy change on environmental issues.A good understanding of EU policy processes.Proven interest in, and knowledge of, environmental issues and / or food systems acquired through qualifications, professional or volunteer experience.Flexibility and resilience - the ability to manage multiple priorities and to pivot rapidly to take advantage of emerging opportunities.Excellent communication skills - persuasive writing skills and fluent spoken and written English and Dutch, as well as experience presenting and facilitating.Strong IT skills / literacy (Word, Excel, email management, social media).Ideally, experience working in remote teams and maintaining strong working relationships with remote colleagues.A self-starter with a can-do attitude, flexibility and adaptability, willing to pitch in on delivery and help colleagues across the team, recognizing that Feedback is a small, nimble organization with fast-changing priorities.A commitment to Feedback's values - we are bold, collaborative, impact-driven, celebratory and inspiring - and to our goal of ecological regeneration through changing the food system.This job is open to everyone, regardless of their background. We acknowledge that the environmental sector is less open to people from under-represented backgrounds and we are strongly committed to doing what we can to correct this. We especially want to hear from you if you feel that opportunities like this are less available to you.Contract duration 6-12 monthsPart-time hours: 30 per weekApplication deadline: 26-1-2021Soort dienstverband: Parttime, Bepaalde tijdSalaris: €3.500,00 - €4.500,00 per maandArbeidsvoorwaarden:Flexibele werkurenWerk vanuit huisWerkschema:ma-vrMaatregelen tegen het coronavirus:Location flexible within the Netherlands. A desk in a co-working space will be discussed, however the candidate will have the possibility to work from home, according to preference and Dutch government guidance and regulation in response to CoronaviruTaal:English (Vereist)Dutch (Vereist)Sollicitatievraag:Do you have the right to work in the EU? Please note that we cannot offer visa sponsorship for this position.Thuiswerken:Tijdelijk vanwege COVID-19",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0A1brmi7eynSh_uVGY6sDTmolcQSr-g6BfRemTnE1b0VYdYMnrhPWf6oMtaoF82x29cKrV3pz0iPE3Sx6Gc4CLYQMCNlYUJmop3rtYYa8jOBGuRbg2pUo96ViVpJMAO6yIegrInpC4M09yUMEcDaOLvw5lMUO4J0eHcw4ARrWy8vbUYWwkFuc1nI3yd91DxYwuDWRRh1wGqCqi9KiEGCpI17n-YGzcqp34lU25s4j41V_XNFMIzUf9M6ecLlMEjHe6NB3XDJBgh9eHtEtrRc3UB3hDMjs7hXHhMLKgbN7H11Gn02kPNALcEO-K4yCRUn42GXxnVrVi7x7pQs8dhrnk6GD9vSOe_VgGLW5Xidi7ANGVUUF6t8O_PRKheCVqtP9uneVXIJQGWxHdOzkmXTIyQ79MUDTgmB-ko7HKY34anWA4745h34KXXZLI_xgKmxHkHQOM3yL8ZnQZrnYB8uSO43JUw2oSC6t6pr2fhNbslRF5EucTVk04O&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-01-22,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
1,waste management,Indeed,p_2c22acc07a65802d,Head of Program Management,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Head of Program management, you will bring the project structure and a framework to the business to ensure business teams are focused on the operational readiness to support the launch of new territories, application capability and functions. You will be responsible for implementing a change management team within the business to support the adoption of projects into BAU activities.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Accounting for project costs, time and budget

Building business cases for future capital investment and working with teams to create ROI plans
Organising programs and activities in accordance with the mission and goals
Managing the risk register across the in-flight projects
Developing a budget and operating plan for the program
Developing an evaluation method to assess program strengths and identify areas for improvement
Writing program funding proposals to guarantee uninterrupted delivery of services
Managing a team with a diverse array of talents and responsibilities
Ensuring goals are met in areas including customer satisfaction, safety, quality and team member performance
Implementing and managing the change program and interventions to ensure project goals are achieved
Meeting with stakeholders to make communication easy and transparent regarding project issues and decisions on services
Producing accurate and timely reporting of program status throughout its life cycle
Analysing program risks
Working on strategy with the marketing team
Activating new sites on time with required functionality and capability.

Regular clear and accurate reporting across the program to ensure management and stakeholders are aware of the status

Maintaining program velocity throughout


What you will bring to Body & Fit

A minimum of 3 to 5 years experience in leading multi stream projects in a retail setup or e-commerce business

Proven track record of delivering complex projects

Proven ability to manage stakeholders
Strong knowledge of project governance and frameworks
Ability to identify team resource challenges through project velocity or identifying bottlenecks and shortfalls with clear reporting to management
Fluency in English
Certification in project management

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2c22acc07a65802d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=825d8c4f6d199c42&assa=9991,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c22acc07a65802d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
2,waste management,Indeed,p_2dcc2b181d6457ff,Knowledge Management Intern,Sapient Social  Environmental Enterprises, Amsterdam,"DescriptionDo you want to be part of an exhilarating project, in the charming city of Amsterdam, alongside an international team of passionate change-makers, all the while you help us march toward future-proof social and ecological sustainability? If you answered yes, then we have the perfect internship for you.About usWe are a social business dealing with environmental and social issues through different projects and collaborations. Sapient Social & Environmental Enterprises was established in 2016 and consists of a team of young inspired individuals, from all over the world who dedicate themselves to stop food waste, renew democracy, provide local green energy solutions, and help other social businesses in their path to positive impact.SapientNRGThis is the engineering projects branch of Sapient. Here we strive for sustainability mainly by tackling the issue of renewable energy. The damage the world has endured over the past century is not irreversible; we want to change the momentum towards a clean high-tech world.Our ProductMagneticGen is the product we are currently developing. A levitating magnet with its own electro-magnetic elasticity comparable to a normal gravity pendulum. It can harness the vibrations deflected onto it to transform this mechanical energy to an electrical one. Its field of use is wide, from ground and wall vibrations to body ones, it will be an asset to the Dutch renewable energy empire.Job DescriptionWe at SapientNRG acquire a lot of knowledge about the different issues we are facing and trying to solve regarding sustainable energy and internal team dynamics. We also acquire knowledge about the way we work that needs to be captured, and these learnings have to be organized to improve the processes in the company. We are looking for an innovative Knowledge Coordinator intern to join our team to help us optimize the process of sharing, editing and saving knowledge.Your tasks will include:Coaching, guiding and training employees.Organizing, collecting and updating knowledge and information in a clear, accessible way and putting it together to be available for everyone in the team.Understanding and communicating Sapient's missions and values in a clear and accessible way for everyone.Establishing an information architecture for multiple user groups, in a knowledge sharing environment.Locating and archiving institutional knowledge.RequirementsDo you fit our profile?Excellent communication skills,Professional proficiency in English,Information management and organizing skills,Solid problem-solving and decision-making skills with quality focus,Data-collecting, analysis and research skills,Enjoys working in an international, challenging and social environment.What we offerThis is a non-paid internship. So what's in it for you?A more in-depth understanding of social business and its social & environmental impact,The opportunity to participate in a dynamic, proactive and young environment where creative freedom is encouraged.Autonomy and flexible working hours,The power to make a difference,The opportunity to acquire new skills, learn and grow,Amazing colleagues.Internship DetailsCurrently we are looking for a new intern to join us as soon as possible for a minimum of 3 months (Longer internship periods are preferred)The internship is unremuneratedDue to Corona restrictions, it is possible to work remotely for certain positions. It's also possible to work from our office Ferdinand Huyckstraat 62, 1061 HW Amsterdam.HOW TO APPLY!If this position sounds appealing to you please send your CV and motivational letter to sapientnrg @ gmail .com (all documents must be in english and in PDF). Make sure to include “Internship Application Knowledge Coordinator MM.YY - MM.YY)” in the subject header with your dates of availability.If you plan to move to Amsterdam and you are applying from outside the EU without a working visa, please ensure that you sort out how you plan to arrange your stay in the Netherlands. We do not offer any assistance regarding visas and permits, this includes sponsorship letters.We look forward to hearing from you!Websites: https://www.sapientsee.com/https://www.foodcirclenl.com/https://sapientsee.wixsite.com/healthyandaffordablehttps://www.f6s.com/sapientnrg#!Job Type: InternshipLanguage:English (Required)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Knowledge-Management-Intern-2dcc2b181d6457ff?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
3,waste management,Indeed,p_0447458b64e50a64,Marketplace Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Marketplace Coordinator you will assist Body&Fit in setting up international marketplaces identified from our roadmap. This will involve internal communication with departments such as IT, the Category Team, Reporting & Finance, external communication with account managers and the marketplace integrator. You will analyse product assortments to ensure the correct products are available with the best possible content.
Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Ensure the most relevant product assortment is placed on new and existing international marketplaces whilst optimising related product listings

Map products so that they are categorized correctly on marketplaces
Manage product selections within the integrator software such as Channel Engine
Responsible for product offers being live and ensuring sufficient stock is available for consignment stock models
Communicate with marketplace support and agencies to resolve issues
Monitor account health based on KPIs
Launch marketplaces within agreed timeframes and achieve revenue targets

What you will bring to Body & Fit

A minimum of 2 years’ of experience within e-commerce

Merchandising experience and knowledge of marketplaces would be advantageous
Work with a commercial point of view
Ability to work independently in a fast paced environment
Fluency in English
Fluency in Spanish or Italian would be advantageous

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0447458b64e50a64&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1dc17ead94f4a5d7&assa=7353,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0447458b64e50a64&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
4,waste management,Indeed,p_80747cfadfe2045e,Store Manager Bocca Kerkstraat,Bocca Coffee BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"BOCCA Coffee Kerkstraat is looking for aStore Manager (38hr)For our flagship store in Amsterdam, we are looking for an experienced manager who’s to lead the location with success by taking ownership of the location and maintaining an organized and efficient process for regular operations. The Store Manager runs the location with attention to detail, creating a vibrant customer culture as well as a healthy team setting. He/she executes Bocca’s high standards and holds the team accountable to these standards. This role reports into the Director of Marketing.Responsibilities: - Managing day-to-day operations of the cafe- Hiring and onboarding new baristas- Growing revenue and developing quality standards within the location- Training and coaching employees on hospitality, drinks preparation and proper use of coffee equipment- Advise staff on the best ways to resolve issues with customers and deliver excellent customer service- Reduce waste- Reduce costs- Increase loyalty of customers and build our reputation.- Dealing with customer queries and complaints- Implementing and embedding new (beverage) platforms- Inventory management of retail and bar-use goods- Marketing of the complete venue following Bocca standards- Events program- Responsible for health and safety assessment and standards- Knowing the Bocca story and being able to tell it to othersSkills & Knowledge - Relevant work experience as a store manager- Good math skills- MBO level 4 / HBO- Dutch and English speaking and writing- Insight into the (legal) regulations in the field of safety and (social) hygiene.- Knowledge of and experience in the (specialty) coffee serving business- Hands-on experience with professional coffee machines is a +To be successful in this role, the Store Manager should have leadership skills, time management skills, organizational skills, customer service skills, knowledge of brewing methods, a motivation to keep the store clean and presentable and eager to propose better ways to do business. He/she should be flexible to work various shifts throughout the weekly schedule (including weekends and holidays).Feeling excited?Apply immediately! Fill in the application form on the Bocca website, including motivation letter and CV. You will then receive an automatic application confirmation within a few minutes. We will let you know as soon as possible, but no later than 1 week, whether we are inviting you for an interview. Any questions? Mail to Jeroen.Bocca applies an equal opportunities policy and is committed to diversity in the workplace. Qualified women and men, people of all nationalities, cultural backgrounds, religions, age, sexual orientations and candidates with disabilities are welcome to apply.About us Bocca’s journey began nearly two decades ago in Ethiopia when our founder Menno – then a trader of organic sesame seeds – stumbled upon a hillside of beautiful coffee trees ripe with red cherries. It was love at first taste.At Kerkstraat 96, our mission is to craft exceptional coffee experiences, innovative technologies in roasting, brewing and packaging. Attention-to-detail service. And by sharing industry secrets and skills with a new generation of baristas. Kerkstraat 96 is where we reveal the magic behind our brand – and why we love what we do. It’s a collaborative space for exploring coffee – from all angles – in a café environment.We designed the vibrant space to create an inspirational experience. Our travels and the beauty of nature informed the materials and colours. And every detail – from the grinders to the pottery on display – has been crafted by people with a passion for what they do. It’s where you can find exceptional local and international coffee products and accessories – and hear independent advice from experts. Or simply escape from the rat race, slow down, disconnect – and recharge.Job Types: Full-time, Contract, PermanentExperience:Retail Management: 1 year (Preferred)management: 1 year (Preferred)",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Bocca-Coffee-BV/jobs/Store-Manager-Bocca-Kerkstraat-80747cfadfe2045e?fccid=fdd0b3db49948e32&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
5,waste management,Indeed,p_037598666f170f08,Impact Intern,The Student Hotel, Amsterdam Noord,"Do you want to learn everything about sustainability, and would you like to work in an international company on an unique department within a hospitality concept? We want you!


Your mission, if you choose to accept it...


TSH is serious about sustainability and impact (our Corporate Social Responsibility). We aim to drive innovations and projects that stimulate planet-proof behaviour, and consequently enable our community of changemakers to do good.
With our new long-term sustainability strategy that focuses on key projects such as waste, energy, and flying, and data monitoring through Science Based Targets and other certification schemes we’re looking to take our ambitions to the next level.

To help us get there, we’re looking for an Impact Intern to support the Sustainability Team! You will join the team at our headquarters in Amsterdam for a period of 6 months, starting in March 2021.

In case you don’t know who we are (ahem)...
TSH is a game-changer. Our unique hotel concept offers student accommodation as well as long and short stay options for students-at-heart, together with epic facilities and exciting co-working spaces.
Currently located in Amsterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven, Maastricht, Groningen, Dresden, Berlin, Florence, Barcelona, Vienna and with Delft and Bologna just joined the family, The Student Hotel is a truly new hospitality concept in the hearth of Europe.

What You'll Do to make it happen:

You’ll support the Sustainability Team with managing the different projects

You’ll act as a point-of-contact internally for questions and comments related to sustainability
You’ll setup sustainability related (online) events
You’ll create content about the different projects that can be shared both internally and externally
You’ll do research on waste, energy & water management, as well as on impact measurements.

Who You Are

You believe that people, planet and profit go hand-in-hand and you’re excited to use your knowledge and skills for a more sustainable world. You have a go-getter mentality, can enthuse others to support your projects and know how to write an engaging story. You’re flexible, can handle multiple tasks at once and are not afraid to share own insights or ideas that could make the projects even better.

Currently studying Sustainable Business, Future Planet Studies, Environmental Science, Development Studies or something similar
Affinity with sustainability and (social) impact
Strong communication skills
Eagerness to develop yourself in project management in an operational environment
A strong entrepreneurial spirit and an ability to address challenges and opportunities
Problem solving capabilities to resolve issues that face a growing company
Care for guests/partners experiencing TSH and a true passion for the TSH mission
Fluent in English (written and spoken), other European languages are a bonus
Available for minimum of 6 month and legally permitted to work and live in the Netherlands / European Union

What We Offer

A Full-time internship for 40 hours per week with monthly compensation for your internship.
An amazing work environment with a fantastic vibe and lots of positive energy.
Time carved out for you to work on your own research-project
On the job coaching and guidance
The opportunity to work at a dynamic, young, international organization; we’re a real game changer in the hospitality industry

We’re curious, conscious, and we celebrate all. We bring people together and are committed to providing the best space, experience and workplace for our entire connected community - no matter what age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, national origin and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different and makes you you.


Join The Student Hotel


Excited? Want to apply? You can do this by clicking the apply button beneath, answering a few questions and sending your CV/LinkedIn profile.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=037598666f170f08&fccid=49f7bc79aa89d6b5&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
6,waste management,Indeed,p_0c8b9239b6e0dd13,HR Coordinator,Rvdb, Amsterdam,"HR Coordinator, this is your challenge

Want to make an impact by taking the fast growing international startup Otrium to a higher level when it comes to the employee experience? As an HR Coordinator, together with your colleagues in the People team, you work to contribute to the rapid growth of Otrium with the aim of creating the best working environment. A very diverse hands-on role in which you will further develop HR processes together with your colleagues.
Otrium's mission is that every item of clothing should be worn. With this mission they have become an international online fashion outlet. They ensure that designer brands have the opportunity to find an owner for each item produced.
Do you have a passion for the most efficient HR operations as possible, creating a great culture and would you like to work at one of the fastest growing startups in Europe? This might be your new challenge!

As HR Coordinator you have the following responsibilities:
Supporting the further professionalization and innovation of HR processes;
all occurring activities related to good onboarding, employee engagement, professional development, performance management, data and reports, compensation & benefits, vitality, offboarding and cultural initiatives;
taking care of the personnel and salary administration;
participating in HR projects such as Diversity & Inclusion and Employee Engagement;
point of contact for colleagues when it comes to HR-related matters;
organizing (online) events for employees.
As HR Coordinator you report to the Head of People.

you will take up this challenge at Otrium

“We believe all clothing should be worn”, Otrium was founded based on this mission. At the moment, a lot of fashion remains unsold. A waste of the resources that went into it and for the people who miss it. Otrium is here to solve this problem. An international, online fashion outlet marketplace empowering designer brands to find an owner for every item they produce.
Otrium provides brands with a channel for an online outlet and digital tools to intelligently connect dynamically priced end-of-year collections with fashion lovers. The app redefines outlet shopping, making it easy for customers to find pearls with a lower price. They give fashion a new start at the end of the season: smarter for the wardrobe, smarter for the wallet and smarter for the industry.
You are part of the People team and work closely with the Head of People, Head of Talent Acquisition, another HR Coordinator, the Office Manager and interns. Of course you also want to know what it is like to work here. We can best describe this as follows: a rapidly changing and growing environment with highly motivated colleagues, where hard work and fun go hand in hand. Your organizational skills, eye for detail and ability to set priorities add a lot in this environment.
The office in Amsterdam is easily accessible by car and public transport. Due to Covid-19, work is currently done from home.

the job offers more than a challenge:
Gross monthly salary between € 2.800,- and € 3.200,- per month, depending on your experience;
good fringe benefits such as 25 vacation days and fun (online) events;
the opportunity to work in an enthusiastic and ambitious team with a growth and entrepreneurial mindset;
The possibility to learn, grow, and contribute to one of the fastest-growing startups in Europe, and soon the US (with your help!).
this is what you will bring to the job of HR Coordinator:
HBO or Master degree in HR, Psychology or comparable;
two to four years of experience in the full HR cycle, preferably within a start-up or scale-up;
excellent knowledge on the Dutch employment law.
you like to work hands-on and tactically;
you speak Dutch and English fluently;
you enjoy taking on challenges, you are eager to learn, proactive, independent and you adapt easily in a dynamic environment.
Solliciteren naar de vacature HR Coordinator?

That's great! If your profile matches the job description, we are happy to receive your CV and short motivation. Upload it right away through our website. You can count on an inital response to your application within 5 working days.
Are you new to Rvdb?
When you apply, we immediately create an account for you in RAY. A platform in which you are central. This makes it even easier to find a fantastic job because, for example, all HR vacancies in the Netherlands have been collected.
Note: Because of the new privacy legislations, it is important that you register yourself for RAY. You then agree with our privacy statement. We cannot process CVs and motivations by e-mail.

Nog vragen?
Our colleague Lisanne Volkers takes the time to answer them via 06-29207998.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0c8b9239b6e0dd13&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7922672c9603cc4c&assa=4554,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0c8b9239b6e0dd13&fccid=58d424f965f93a77&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,Yes,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
7,waste management,Indeed,p_496f26b81351fea4,Junior Influencer Marketing Specialist,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will be responsible for…
Helping create and executing the global influencer marketing strategy together with the Global PR & Influencer Marketing Manager
Setting up influencer Marketing collaborations with Influencers across key markets. Defining the right approach for influencers to meet the set objectives. Identifying and liaise with relevant influencers, negotiating fair rates for content, and ensuring the relevant agreements are in place
Creative thinking to improve IM propositions
Managing the influencer marketing budget, keeping track of all influencer contracts, invoicing etc.
Working alongside Content & Social team to define and managing the Social Media strategy. This may also include working alongside the Paid Media team when amplifying social campaigns.
Responsible for setting and reaching KPI's
Tracking, measuring and reporting on all IM related activities to management including recommendations
Analyzing of market trends and competitor activities together with Social Media team
Ensuring compliance and legal standards are up to date and met across all activities
Keeping up with the latest trends on social media and within the influencer community.
You are the ideal candidate if you…
Have proven experience (minimum 1-2 years) in PR/marketing, planning and managing social media and influencer campaigns and longer-term strategies (preferably in fashion & lifestyle)
Are able to increase brand awareness and audience engagement across a range of social platforms, and be able to report on the effectiveness of your activity
Are hands-on and have a great sense for responsibility
Are organized and know how to deal with goals, tracking and KPI's
Are commercially and creatively minded, energetic, enthusiastic, proactive and driven
Are well organized (you'll work on multiple projects at once), with high attention to detail; a proactive, can-do attitude
Have affinity with lingerie and all other Hunkemöller product categories
Have are creative and have an out of the box mindset
Have knowledge, passion and affinity with social media channels
Have excellent communication and people skills: ability to build and maintain relationships easily; ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format and build and maintain relationships;
Have outstanding multitasking and analytics skills
Are someone that likes to get the impossible done!
Are available 40 hours per week and do not mind attending events in the evening or in the weekends
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Within our marketing department we are looking for a commercially minded, hands-on, creative and pro-active Junior Influencer Marketing Specialist. In this role you will be working closely with the Global PR & Influencer Marketing Manager further developing and executing the Global Influencer Marketing strategy at Hunkemöller. A super exciting role in a growing team that is going to skyrocket in 2021 and the years to come!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=496f26b81351fea4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=94b6a63853ee7982&assa=6408,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=496f26b81351fea4&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
8,waste management,Indeed,p_cc2f4dc4d72a58c3,CSR Analyst,Takeawaycom, Amsterdam,"Are you looking for a CSR role with exciting challenges on a global scale? Have the expertise to advise colleagues across the business on sustainability? Then keep reading…
Our story (the bitesize version):

From perfect pizzas to superb sandwiches, we deliver to millions of food-lovers every day. Having expanded as Just Eat Takeaway.com, we're now active across 24 countries and 5 continents, with over 50 million active users globally.
World-class marketing is a vital ingredient in our continued growth and success. From CSR experts to campaign specialists and copywriters, our talented teams ensure everything we produce is on-brand, engaging and ethical.
All about the role:

As our CSR Analyst, you act as the technical and policy expert within the CSR team. You're responsible for leading scientific aspects of the CSR programme, advising team members and the wider business on vital policies, developments and technical details.
In this position, it's also your responsibility to:
Distil complex information and data and translate it into clear, understandable language for a wide range of stakeholders
Interpret sustainability-related announcements, white papers, policies and other legislative proposals produced by governments & other authorities/NGOs
Digest information and advise the business on new developments and requirements in areas such as sustainability reporting
Write policy papers and proposals on key sustainability focus areas
Operate effectively at management level, supporting colleagues in the CSR team – as well as reporting into the Global Head of CSR
Can you deliver…

Here are the skills and experience we need from our CSR Analyst:
Interest in key sustainability themes relating to our business, including: carbon, packaging, electric vehicles, energy supply & consumption, food production & food waste, food hygiene and safety
An analytical, proactive and collaborative approach to your job
Able to understand relevant issues in-depth, and consistently looking to broaden your knowledge and understanding
Experience working on CSR topics within consultancy, public policy or academia is an advantage
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the potential to represent the business at stakeholder meetings & events
Here is our offer

When you join us at Just Eat Takeaway.com, we'll give you these fantastic rewards:
Competitive salary
A wide-ranging CSR role, with the opportunity to make a global impact
Great team & company events
26 days of holiday per year
A dynamic & welcoming work environment at our office in London or Amsterdam
Competitive pension plan
Budget for internal & external training and conferences
Additional perks – these vary between the U.K. and the Netherlands
Are you the CSR specialist we're looking for? Click Apply Now and send us your CV!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=cc2f4dc4d72a58c3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e8de36ea6dd3b7f3&assa=8278,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cc2f4dc4d72a58c3&fccid=a7f7ef4951d63c7c&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
9,waste management,Indeed,p_fc17cc9a4f86d504,Internship Facility Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"The Facilities Management intern will support the facilities manager in all day to day issues and will also complete special projects for school and for Hunkemöller. You'll work with a small team to carry out all shared tasks.
You'll help with our team's daily tasks by:
Ordering office supplies for (overseas) stores and HQ
Prepare shipments for international franchise
Check invoices for accuracy and accounting
Carry out analysis across several areas of the department
Assistance in repro and courier services
Attend meetings with business partners
Update of internal FM manual
Plan office movements, as applicable

The Perfect candidate needs to be a true Hunkemöller fan and…
Is currently enrolled in an HBO facility management studies, ideally in the 2nd or 3rd year
Can work independently and is able to deliver without detailed instructions. Has good verbal and written communication skills in Dutch and English

This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from February 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.

Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
If you have any questions, please contact Kyera from our Recruitment department via Tel-Nr. (0031)35-646 5157
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of February 2021 our Facility Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Facility Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fc17cc9a4f86d504&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8ba16e2230d593f5&assa=221,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fc17cc9a4f86d504&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-09,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
10,waste management,Indeed,p_6831562eba1acbcb,Facility and project management trainee,Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam, Amsterdam Centrum,"At Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam our guests can choose from six different F&B outlets. Delicious & creative dishes are carefully prepared in one of our four kitchens.

Ready to live the legend as Facility and project management trainee?

You will play a crucial part in our operations to ensure a smooth operation. One of your main task will be the embedding of all the HACCP guidelines. Next to this you will participate in the Planet 21 team. This team continuously reinvents and adapts procedures for a more sustainable future. You will perform administrative tasks for a team of up to 12 people including scheduling. As well you maintain relationships with internal and external stake-holders. Also you will lead and be involved in several projects. These are focused on waste management, sustainability and innovation. You will be given opportunities to improve operations based on your input.

What do we offer?
The Grand offers an internship salary of € 500 gross per month. Moreover, the canteen offers you healthy meals options during our shifts. If a specific uniform is required then you will receive it from us. Of course, you will also have you own locker to keep your belongings while you are at work. All trainings and perks that we offer to our employees are also available to you! After all this internship is supposed to give you a taste of real working life, right? Our Be Balanced Club assist ambassadors to keep a healthy work-life balance.

Profile student
Enrolled in Hospitality management education
Available starting from the end of May for a minimum period of five months
You speak English at a business level, Dutch is a plus

Come join an enthusiastic team who is looking forward to supporting your learning process, motivation you and giving you insights into what happens within Sofitel Legend The Grand!

Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam biedt vijfsterren de-luxe in een unieke Amsterdamse, historische ambiance, voorzien van Franse elegantie en grandeur. Het internationale hotel is onderdeel van de Accor Hospitality Nederland Groep. Gevestigd in het voormalige stadhuis van Amsterdam biedt The Grand 177 kamers, waarvan 52 suites. The Grand beschikt tevens over 19 MagnifiqueMeeting zalen, een urban spa een Garden Bistro Oriole en restaurant Bridges. The Grand is het best te kwalificeren als een chique hotel met een uitnodigende en vriendelijke, ongedwongen uitstraling. De sfeer tussen gasten en personeel als ook tussen personeel onderling bestempelt deze uitstraling volledig. Onze ambassadeurs weten dan ook de juiste mix te vinden tussen hoffelijkheid, enthousiasme en binding met onze gast.

Sofitel en de Franse elegantie in hotels over de hele wereld
Sofitel is de enige Franse luxe hotelketen met een aanwezigheid op 5 continenten, in meer dan 50 landen. Sofitel biedt eigentijdse hotels en resorts voor gasten die schoonheid, kwaliteit en excellentie verwachten en waarderen. Of het nu hartje Parijs, New York, Bangkok of ergens verscholen in de binnenlanden van Brazilië of Polynesië is, elke Sofitel locatie biedt een authentieke ervaring van het Franse ‘Art de Vivre’.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6831562eba1acbcb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a5a6b857e5485015&assa=2981,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6831562eba1acbcb&fccid=e52a8045d312f049&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
11,waste management,Indeed,p_60f751cbbc592712,Facility management trainee,Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam, Amsterdam,"At Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam our guests can choose from six different F&B outlets. Delicious & creative dishes are carefully prepared in one of our four kitchens.

Ready to live the legend as Facility and project management trainee?

You will play a crucial part in our operations to ensure a smooth operation. One of your main task will be the embedding of all the HACCP guidelines. Next to this you will participate in the Planet 21 team. This team continuously reinvents and adapts procedures for a more sustainable future. You will perform administrative tasks for a team of up to 12 people including scheduling. As well you maintain relationships with internal and external stake-holders. Also you will lead and be involved in several projects. These are focused on waste management, sustainability and innovation. You will be given opportunities to improve operations based on your input.

What do we offer?
The Grand offers an internship salary of € 500 gross per month. Moreover, the canteen offers you healthy meals options during our shifts. If a specific uniform is required then you will receive it from us. Of course, you will also have you own locker to keep your belongings while you are at work. All trainings and perks that we offer to our employees are also available to you! After all this internship is supposed to give you a taste of real working life, right? Our Be Balanced Club assist ambassadors to keep a healthy work-life balance.
We are looking for you if you meet the following requirements:
Enrolled in Hospitality management education
Available starting from the end of May for a minimum period of five months
You speak English at a business level, Dutch is a plus
Come join an enthusiastic team who is looking forward to supporting your learning process, motivation you and giving you insights into what happens within Sofitel Legend The Grand!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=60f751cbbc592712&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=faf87608cbf6e68e&assa=4829,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=60f751cbbc592712&fccid=e52a8045d312f049&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
12,waste management,Indeed,p_ce8ead6a8a658f8c,CRM Specialist,ucp, Amsterdam Centrum,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Marktplaats, 2dehands and 2ememain are part of eBay and the eBay Classifieds Group (eCG). It combines the energy of a start-up with the resources of one of the leading technology companies in the world. We offer the top 500 advertisers relevant ways to connect and communicate with our 11 million monthly unique users, customized integrations and partnerships. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We invite you to join us!


Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements every single day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. We go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
About the team:
Classifieds is crafting the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to work closely with the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.
We are looking for an experienced CRM Specialist to join the team, who will accelerate our CRM efforts on our Automotive business. You will join the Benelux CRM team (part of the central marketing team) with a focus on driving customer success and value in our Dutch and Belgian markets.
For this, you improve the experience and impact in all stages of the customer journey, from acquisition through retention to win-back. Our focus is on connecting buyers and sellers and encourage many relevant trade moments for all parties.
The CRM team takes the lead in defining the overall customer approach with regards to 1:1 customer communications. To bring the strategies to life, the team has a range of owned channels at its disposal, such as email, (push) notifications, and direct mail. Deployment of other channels such as performance advertising and in-product messaging are aligned with the respective channel teams.
Within the marketing team you will work with our integrated marketing manager, the content manager and the performance advertising manager. Outside of marketing your reach extends to the business & product teams as well as analytics and tech development.
Key responsibilities:
As our new CRM Specialist you are responsible for ideation and execution of CRM programs for multi-channel journeys.
Understanding customer journeys and finding opportunities for growth of our professional dealer base and private cars customers.

Creation of strategic and tactical plans to increase the activity and size of our customer base.

Development of campaign strategies, and drive execution through to completion with partners in the marketing and product teams utilizing both internal and external platforms and tools

Measuring the impact of CRM initiatives on campaign KPI’s and contribution to annual objectives, and develop ways to optimize and scale them

Working cross-functionally with business teams, product, engineering, and analytics to meet ambitious growth targets

Drive all campaign retrospectives to continue iterating and improving processes

What we expect from you:
3-5 years “hands-on” campaign execution of owned 1:1 marketing channels (e.g. email, notifications, direct mail, outreach)

Ability to understand our customer’s needs and translate them into compelling marketing propositions and assets

Data-savviness: Ability to process, analyse and interpret data

Strong stakeholder managing skills to ensure other teams internally and externally are aligned.

Project management: you will be developing and managing multiple campaigns at the same time. You are a structured multi-tasker.

Experience and/or affinity with marketplaces connecting (professional) sellers and buyers.

High technical aptitude

Experience in the Automotive business is preferred.

Hands-on experience with Adobe Campaign Manager is preferred

Strong passion to learn and grow and takes initiative to succeed

What you can expect from us:
An informal, international and energetic work environment in a fast paced company

Work with cool modern technologies, processes and consumer facing products

Teammates who will challenge you to give your best!

What we offer:
Dynamic, international teams with skilled personalities, ambition, integrity and a good sense of humor

A competitive salary, phenomenal benefits and an excellent working environment

Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ce8ead6a8a658f8c&fccid=bb700452bfc26e3c&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
13,waste management,Indeed,p_4ffe76bc39fbab01,Facilities Specialist,Oracle, Amsterdam,"Facilities Specialist -210001JI

Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English

Preferred Qualifications
We are looking for an Facility Specialist to to work in Amsterdam, but can be working on projects in the other offices in The Netherlands. Operational responsibility for preserving facilities is safe and well functioning.
The ideal candidate will be well-organized, efficient, communication skills, speaking languages Dutch and English are needed.
Working on
The goal is to ensure our business’s accommodation is problem-free and safe so that employees can work under the best conditions.
Responsibilities
Plan and coordinate internal moves, internal meetings, coordinate.
Working together with EHS to make sure equipment and supplies are met health and safety standards
Inspect work floors to determine the need for repairs or renovations
Review utilities consumption and strive to minimize costs, and keep admin.
Supervise all custodians, technicians, groundskeepers etc and external contractors
Control activities like parking space allocation, waste disposal, building security etc.
Handle work plans and service contracts
Keep financial and non-financial records
Perform analysis and forecasting for budgets
Requirements
Some experience Facility Assistant or relevant position
Working technical/ operations and facilities management best practices
Knowledge of basic finance principles
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills
Good analytical/critical thinking
Schooling facility management or relevant field
Working in Procurement
Handling operational external contracts, cleaning, reception, catering etc
Working in small team
Detailed Description and Job Requirements

Provide building and office management services for economy of operation and maximum usage of facilities and equipment. Work with external vendors to develop and implement facilities plans. Review vendor contracts, onsite vendor performance, timely work order completion, and construction related activities. Participate in collaborative space planning efforts with internal resources and user groups. Prepare and monitor annual property budget and other related costs in facility planning. This position will interface with both senior management as well as individual contributors.

As a member of our Real Estate and Facilities team, you will assist the building or office manager in all aspects of daily operations. This may include managing Oracle's office space and equipment. Ensure adherence to company guidelines, processes and building and safety codes. Obtain, review and estimate design costs including equipment, installation, labor, materials, and preparation. Prepare annual budget. Conduct benchmarking.

Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Excellent communication and decision making skills. Familiarity with email and MS Office applications is essential. Willing to function as after- hours contact for facilities emergencies. May be required to be accessible via phone or pager. Degree, relevant certification or equivalent with 0 - 2 years prior facilities or property assistant experience preferred.

As part of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment screening process. This will involve identity and employment verification, professional references, education verification and professional qualifications and memberships (if applicable).

Job: Facilities
Location: NL-NL,Netherlands-Amsterdam
Job Type: Regular Employee Hire
Organization: Oracle",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4ffe76bc39fbab01&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7a2b025581f61e11&assa=7803,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4ffe76bc39fbab01&fccid=cd22d01053af7669&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
14,waste management,Indeed,p_e8437fa2ca3c0b7a,Technical coordinator,Richemont, Amsterdam,"Reference Code: 29468
Technical coordinator
Richemont
Amsterdam, NH, NL
Fixed Term
Richemont owns some of the world’s leading luxury goods Maisons, with particular strengths in jewellery, fine watches and premium accessories. Each Maison represents a proud tradition of style, quality and craftsmanship and Richemont seeks to preserve the heritage and identity of each of its Maisons. At the same time, we are committed to innovation and designing new products which are in keeping with our Maisons’ values, through a process of continuous creativity.
RLG Europe B.V., Amsterdam, is home to Richemont regional functions and 8 Richemont brands (including Cartier) that work to support retail and wholesale, marketing and communication for the BeNeLux and Scandinavian region. The offices also provide a platform for European E-commerce and a Customer Relations Center.

In the role of Technical coordinator, you will be in charge of coordination of all mechanical electrical plumbing, civil engineering works and maintenance for the offices and boutiques in the Benelux and Scandinavia.
This position is for three days a week, starting as soon as possible.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Management of long term maintenance plans
You will be creating the maintenance strategy and the long term maintenance plan. You will be managing the implementation based on NEN2767 inspection & completion and handover of recent investment and project scope. You will need to get full understanding of the scope of work per item & priorities.
Coordination of works
You will be planning, coordinating, supervising & handling the administration of works related to mechanical electrical plumbing & civil engineering works. This includes reviewing offers, and approval of work orders, advice on next steps and additional works. Also, quality control of all works will be done by you.
CSR-Sustainable development
Our monumental office building in Amsterdam is BREEAM certified and our ambition is to continue the certification to other buildings & our boutiques. In our building operations we would like to minimize waste and reduce electricity, water and gas consumption.

Contracts management
You will be in charge of managing approximately 15 technical contracts. This includes review of offers and contract agreements, organizing and holding KPI/ SLA review meetings.
Project management
The coordination of everything will be done as a project; based on space planning make sure there is enough power, data, AC, fresh air etc. for all workstations, meeting rooms and other spaces.
Budget management
Budget preparation of the long term maintenance plan and project plan. The monitoring of this budget will be done by you also.
Utility consumption
Review & analyse utilities consumption and strive to minimize cost.
Telephony & MDF
Multi-function device (Ricoh) & iPhones- contracts management, monitor consumption, reporting.

HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?

Required experience and education:
Minimum 3 years’ experience in similar role.
MBO or HBO level
NEN 2767 certified
BREEAM expert

Technical skills and abilities:
Ability to read, write & speak English fluently. Dutch is a plus.
Good knowledge of MS Word, MS Excel and MS PowerPoint
You are customer focused and have a solutions oriented way of approaching problems and challenges
You are creative & innovative. You have no problem in taking initiative, and you are proactive
You enjoy working in a team, and working together towards a goal.
Good time management and pragmatic approach to things is needed in this role

HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?

We offer you a great international environment with strong professionals in the field. Grow and develop your knowledge.

We also offer a competitive salary to reward your efforts and a supportive environment.

YOUR JOURNEY WITH US:

If your application is selected, we will get back to you very soon. The first step will be an interview with our HR team, followed (if successful) by an interview with the Client Director.
In the interview process with us, we always ensure you have complete insight and transparency. If this sounds stimulating to you, we are happy to hear from you and hopefully welcome you to our team.

Richemont is an equal opportunity employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e8437fa2ca3c0b7a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6d63bb1c72124872&assa=9043,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e8437fa2ca3c0b7a&fccid=8e2946f10f334da4&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
15,waste management,Indeed,p_13ea1afc13640c6d,People Business Partner,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"People Business Partner BeneluxAmsterdameBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!We're looking for a People Business Partner, based in Amsterdam. To be the key partner for the VP and Management Team leading our classifieds businesses in the Benelux region. Be responsible for understanding the business and strategic objectives of these client groups; build and implement the appropriate human capital plan, recruiting strategy and organizational and leadership effectiveness to deliver business impact. You will report to the People Lead for eBay Classifieds globally, be part of the eCG People team as well as the client Benelux management team.Key Responsibilities:Understand business and strategic objectives and provide the appropriate support and guidance on HR programs, strategies and processes across rewards & compensation, staffing, performance management, employee engagement, talent management/OD, and learning to achieve business results and integrate seamlessly into the business.Work with the leadership team on projects and initiatives to strengthen the commercial (sales & business development), technology and product and customer service organization; including sales, sales operations, product management and engineering functions.Partner on initiatives and programs across the eCG markets to drive increased organizational efficiency and effectiveness, which could include work on change management, organizational design and capability transformation.Provide guidance on talent management and development; organizational structure and appropriate change management programs to support the growth of the business, including M&A situations, as well as internal integration across businesses.Partner with the GM in Benelux and the People Experience consultant to maintain a positive and constructive relationship with the Works Council in the Netherlands.Oversee workforce plans, recruitment and talent initiatives, including hiring & onboarding plans, hiring strategies and plans across regions and all job families within the teams.Leverage all People programs, policies, processes and systems.Support and advocate for all Diversity & Inclusion efforts to enable a richly diverse team.Effectively partner with and fully leverage HR functional areas (Recruiting, Onboarding, Learning & Talent Development, Compensation, Legal)Partner with business leaders to develop business objectives and plans. Design and implement local priorities to drive the business.Partner with P&T communities across eCG (CRT, PLG, DLG, VAT) with regard to people development initiatives within functional domains (product, UEX, design, architecture).Strengthen the leadership team by providing coaching and counsel to senior leaders to further develop their leadership capability.Partner with leadership team to design and build organizational capability to deliver the objectives of the businesses.Success will be measured based on:Attrition targets within the businesseSat (employee satisfaction) scores on surveysStakeholder feedback on coaching effectivenessRecruiting targets – diversity, attrition of new hiresParticipation and effective roll-out of HR programsRelated capabilities:Intellectual curiosity and innovative spirit:Strategic thinker with the ability to understand competitive landscape Capacity and passion to explore new avenues of growth and think creatively about business challenges and opportunities; Possesses growth mindset; prepared to challenge the status quo and drive development.Business acumen:Experience building, creating and coaching effective customer-focused organizations; ability to build, inspire and develop a high-performing teamUnderstands and is able to influence the levers that drive the business; how each function impacts success, how the business makes money and how changes in structure, technology and process will create better outcomes.Understands the role product and technology (design and development) plays in an ecommerce or technology-driven business. Collaborative partner:Ability to effectively navigate and influence across functions/regions in a highly matrixed environmentAbility to collaborate both upwards and downwardsSkilled at consulting with wide variety of partner types and navigating unchartered territoryRequired Experience and Qualifications:7-10 years Human Resources/People experience with some of that time operating in a multi-cultural and/or multi-national environment; focused on Product & Technology and/or Sales/Commercial teams. Experience with centralization and transformation projects, as well as M&A integration.Bachelor’s Degree; MBA a plus.Plus (not required): Dutch-speakingRelated coursework, certification or continuing education in Human ResourcesExperience working in a complex, highly matrixed environment.Experience on M&A and/or business/culture transformation 5-7 years in an HR role with responsibility for organizational design, development and transformation, HR programming, coaching leaders, change management Plus: 2-4 years in a role supporting product or technology.High level of business acumen; aptitude and curiosity to know the business conditions and opportunities and an appetitive to understand the market dynamics Ability to bring leadership and influence across organizational layers - consult, negotiate, resolve conflict, build relationships; all through great communication skills Based on business opportunities will know how to manage projects and has proven ability to design and implement creative processes and solutions, including change management, talent development and related areas.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=13ea1afc13640c6d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a138ee78d4aac81b&assa=134,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=13ea1afc13640c6d&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
16,waste management,Indeed,p_7dad59d33ed1fe47,Key Account Manager Retail,Too Good To Go, Amsterdam,"Too Good To Go is the world's number 1 app for fighting food waste. Why do we need to do that? Because 1/3 of the food produced in the world is wasted. And that has a huge impact on the health of our planet, 8% of greenhouse gas emissions come from food waste!

Our app has more than 32 million users across Europe, but we're more than an app. Our mission is to inspire and empower everyone to take action against food waste, so we're doing all we can to create educational tools, make our knowledge as accessible as possible, find new business solutions and even change legislation to reduce food waste. We're growing fast with 15 active countries currently and more to come and we are a certified B Corporation. But here's what really matters: through our app, we've saved more than 60 million meals from the bin - and it's only the beginning!

We're proud of what we've achieved so far, but did we mention the issue is huge? We are looking for a Key Account Manager to help us tackle this issue even faster and accelerate our growth!

Your mission:

We are looking for an experienced, dedicated and self-driven Key Account Manager with a passion for tackling food waste in a commercial way. Reporting directly to the Head of Sales, you will be pivotal in driving acquisition and development of partnerships with supermarkets. You will use your key account experience to continue raising the bar with our key accounts in the Netherlands by managing your own portfolio. You will be part of the Global Sales team where best practices and learnings will be shared across borders with our tribe of 750 waste warriors around the globe.

Your role:

Account management for key chains and partners from lead generation to roll out; autonomy in managing these Key Accounts and ensuring the relationship is strong and business KPIs are met.
Onboarding and training new stores in an efficient and scalable way, working with store-level contacts and senior stakeholders.
Identifying new and innovative opportunities to improve existing accounts to help them save more meals. Inputting into the Dutch strategy and assisting with international cooperation across global key chain opportunities.
Finding new business and opportunities, as well as mapping an account's organizational hierarchy to create an account stakeholder matrix.
Pitching, creating and delivering high quality and professional presentations to potential new partners, and confidently speaking about the business and food waste proposition.
Winning new businesses and growing existing accounts to achieve business targets set. Proving the business case with pilots and working with the client to define success metrics with the objective of rolling out.
Researching the market and identifying potential target stores especially within larger chains.
Taking a proactive approach to partner excellence and account management to ensure the highest quality service delivery.
Arranging meetings with chain HQ and individual stores and carrying out product demonstrations.
Using our systems to effectively manage your leads and upload sign-ups quickly and easily onto our app.
Working to weekly and monthly sales targets and KPIs.
Undertaking ad-hoc tasks to improve the Too Good To Go service offering and other ad hoc tasks connected to the Key Account activities.

Requirements:

You have strong experience working in sales and account management (at least 5 years) and a proven track record of acquiring new key accounts in the food sector. A background in FMCG is a strong plus.
You are business and performance driven with previous experience in a Key Account Manager role.
You're a negotiator by nature but with an eye for relationship building and have the ability to lead negotiations and create and deliver high impact pitches with excellent commercial acumen.
You have the ability to work cross-functionally to develop strategies to win key accounts.
You are a fast learner and can handle working on multiple tasks as you enjoy high performance and fast changing environments. You possess a high degree of self-motivation, proactiveness, forward thinking and assertiveness in order to manage expectations from leads as well as driving internal collaboration.
You have experience with project management and are able to create implementation plans for large roll-outs across complex organizations.
You are experienced in using a CRM/Sales tool.
You speak Dutch fluently and are a top of the class English speaker. You have the ability to speak to stakeholders at varying levels in an organization, tailoring your key message and being able to listen to the needs of their business.
You are a make-it-happen person who doesn't hesitate to roll up your sleeves – but you also think about the long-term business implications and requirements.
You have a true passion for sustainability - you understand the urgency of action for the planet.
You have a proven network within the Food & Beverages Industry and/or Food Retail.

What we have to offer:

A unique opportunity to work in a social impact organization (and certified B Corporation) where you get to wake up every day knowing you're achieving positive change.
The experience of being part of an international company with 750+ enthusiastic and highly talented waste warriors across 15 countries (and counting) – always ready to share knowledge and support.
Strong personal as well as professional development in an intense and high growth scale-up environment.
An open company culture where you have the independence and room to unleash your potential and contribute to our local Key Account Strategy.
A strong team culture where successes are celebrated together.
A competitive salary package.

Our values:

We fight together: food waste is a big beast to fight. We can do it if we fight together as Waste Warriors with no ego. We believe in a #oneteam.
We raise the bar: we always push for more. We work smart, smash barriers and elevate one another.
We keep it simple: our ambitions are bold but our solutions are simple.
We build a legacy: we're proud of the change we're driving.
We care: we always look out for each other. Caring is also about the way we do business. We do the right thing.

How to apply?

Do you want to be part of something huge and do you recognize yourself in the above description? We look forward to hearing from you. Deadline for application is March 21st. A video screening and case assessment will be part of our recruitment process.

We take recruitment very seriously, so please carefully read everything we have written above including our requirements. Please also check our website and international media in order to get a good overview of Too Good To Go. We only accept applications coming through our platform: no resume or cover letter will be accepted by email or Linkedin direct messaging.

Too Good To Go is an equal opportunity employer.

Acquisition based on this vacancy is not appreciated.
A Movement for Everyone
We want to inspire and empower everyone to fight food waste together. With that mission, it's only natural that we want to build a diverse and inclusive team of highly capable individuals who are passionate about doing things in a better way. We strongly believe we all excel and are more creative when we're allowed to be ourselves, and we're committed to a culture where all of us belong.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. If you need reasonable accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=7dad59d33ed1fe47&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a4948c3890899436&assa=1079,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7dad59d33ed1fe47&fccid=8568b3938fc8c53f&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,Yes,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
17,waste management,Indeed,p_3b6b0aa67c0b9eb8,SaaS Account Executive - Nordic and Benelux,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam Centrum,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.
As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives and have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English. Additional language capability would be viewed favourably
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.
In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.
Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3b6b0aa67c0b9eb8&fccid=b3b3910d8a95cab3&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
18,waste management,Indeed,p_9e554187be068912,Intern CSR,Takeawaycom, Amsterdam,"Are you looking for a hands-on internship focused on CSR practices? Want to grow your experience in a fast-growing global business? Then we're looking for you!
Our story (the bitesize version)
We've grown from a small attic company to become a global food delivery business. As Just Eat Takeaway.com, we're active in 24 countries across 5 continents, taking millions of orders every day.
But what drives us isn't food, it's people. From sales to sustainability and apps to analytics, our talented teams ensure we lead the way in a competitive, fast-paced industry.
All about the role
As our Intern: CSR/Sustainability, you support the manager for Corporate Social Responsibility on daily tasks and long-term projects. That includes anything from business admin to overseeing local initiatives and helping implement CSR components across the company.
Communication is a key ingredient in this position. Whether you're undertaking research alongside colleagues from our international offices or supporting relevant business cases and proposals, you're a key contact point for colleagues across the organization.
In this hands-on internship, you'll also have the opportunity to:
Get an in-depth understanding of sustainability topics inside and outside the organization
Develop your own initiatives and own them from start-to-end
Research of internal and external data and regulations
Be responsible for the CSR inbox: distributing information to responsible stakeholders
Be the contact for internal comms and support in the creation of internal CSR updates
Manage external stakeholders such as charity partners and agencies
Support on sustainability proposals and projects: business cases, slide deck creation, internal comms & stakeholder briefings
Be part of a larger sustainability project
Can you deliver…
Want to take on this exciting CSR internship? Here's what we need from you:
A University Degree (completed or ongoing), preferably in Business Administration, Sustainability, Marketing or another relevant field
Working experience in sustainability is an advantage: e.g. emissions, packaging, or food waste
Preferably some experience in one of our core countries: Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom
Passionate about CSR and looking to boost your knowledge
Fluent English (written & spoken). An additional language is a plus
Strong communication skills
Well-organized, team player and an enthusiastic outlook
Able to create internal & external reports based on research
Hands-on mentality and a flexible skillset, from analytical to business-related topics
Available full-time for a period of 6 months
Here is our offer
Like the best food pairings, your skills and our great rewards belong together:
Competitive compensation of €650 per month
A varied, hands-on internship in a fast-growing global business with a strong position in major markets
Opportunities for personal and professional growth as part of a new department
A dynamic, friendly workplace in the heart of Amsterdam (close to Central Station!)
Office perks: Delicious tea & coffee, ping pong, our famous Friday drinks…and more!
Contribution to travel expenses (After Covid-19)
Ready to take on this exciting internship? Click Apply Now and send us your CV!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=9e554187be068912&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1485f8d4fa8d096e&assa=5153,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9e554187be068912&fccid=a7f7ef4951d63c7c&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
19,waste management,Indeed,p_a075b2e1d43d7ddf,Senior Analyst Global Advertising,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.About the team:The Central Analytics team is responsible for Global Analytics and building Analytics capabilities across all Business Units.""We make decisions based on data, by providing high-value data, deep insights, and addictive tools.""About the role:We are looking for a gifted analytics professional to join our Central Commercial & Advertising Analytics team. Join us!Your main focus will be to contribute to the development of our Advertising platforms and tools from an Analytics data-driven perspective, working in close contact with both our Advertising Center of Excellence, and our Product & Technology team.As a member of the global analytics team, you will be proficient with data tools and sources, thrive on solving highly analytical problems, and turn data into impactful insights. This global role comes with the challenge of understanding and contributing to many facets of the business, including advertising operations, product, finance and data management.You are data and analytically intensive! Successful candidates should be quick learners, strategic problem solvers, operational and execution driven facilitators, problem solvers, and have an entrepreneurial spirit. This role is heavily cross-functional and ideal for candidates who enjoy both defining and solving complex problems, while getting deeply involved in the design of our future advertising platforms and tools.Skills in problem definition, rigorous analysis, recommendation development and influencing capabilities will also be critical, as well as demonstration of exceptional interpersonal skills, initiative and integrity.Key Responsibilities & Accountabilities:As a main focus, contribute to the development of our Advertising platforms and tools from an Analytics perspective. Those capabilities include ad serving, targeting, testing and experimentation, decision engines, pricing optimization, and more.Ensure that all platforms, features and initiatives are properly measurable, by defining and applying measurement and tracking frameworks and making sure all prerequisites are embedded in the product development process.Monitor and collect the appropriate data, create insights, and communicate with the teams to effectively steer the product performance and roadmap.Structure complex, ambiguous business questions and utilize analytical skills to synthesize impactful business insights, to the benefit of commercial leaders in the organization.Design, plan, and execute methodologies to measure successes of business initiatives.Analyze results and trends across business units, verticals & revenue streams, to uncover opportunities and improve business performance.Collaborate with other analysts/data scientists and help guide strategy based on learning from other analyses/projects.Perform ad-hoc analysis and benchmarking as needed.Create and maintain insightful automated reports and dashboards utilizing typical data quality functions (e.g. standardization, consistency, etc.)Work closely across the matrix with teams like Advertising CoE, Product & Technology, Engineering, Finance, Marketing, Product, and more.Scale analytics best practices and knowledge sharing across the organization.Continually improve your knowledge of analytics tools, our data warehouse, the business, and methodologies.Minimum qualifications:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field4+ years of professional experience in using data to facilitate business decisionsExcellent communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in EnglishExceptionally diligent to detail and embracing of collaborationPeople minded; eager to build positive and productive relationships with partnersGeneral knowledge of the digital advertising ecosystem and related performance metricsExperience manipulating large data sets, interpreting data trends and using a multitude of disparate data sources and toolsAbility to shift priorities quickly, while maintaining a high degree of organization and controlGood knowledge of SQL or similarExperience in at least one visualisation tool (Tableau, Looker, Data Studio, PowerBI, etc.)The highest proficiency in Excel & PowerPointPreferred qualifications:Experience with AdTech (DV360, Google Ads, Ad Manager, AdSense, Bing, etc)Hands-on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiarity with web and app analyticsKnowledge of A/B testingExperience applying statistical modelling to drive business decision makingWhat we offer:Dynamic, very international team with highly skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, integrity and a good sense of humor.High team autonomy and agile environmentThe chance to work closely with other teams across Europe, North America and APAC.A competitive salary and benefits, and an excellent working environment.Silicon Valley amenities, such as iPhones and MacBook Pros, exciting high spec dev machines and very nice office facilities.An opportunity to build applications, which will be used by millions of people globallyInterested?From the moment that you join, we seek to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are hardworking and thrive in a reciprocal and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a075b2e1d43d7ddf&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=718cb02718df3a7b&assa=6107,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a075b2e1d43d7ddf&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
20,waste management,Indeed,p_d0acb2a205cdb560,Online Demand Specialist Netherlands,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG)is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Every monthMarktplaatshandles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day makingMarktplaatsthe largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!Team description:In the young, dynamic and internationalDemand andAdvertising Operations(D&AO)team, we are looking foranOnline Demand SpecialistNetherlandstojointhe team, with a proven track record in online campaign managementandoptimization, to drivegrowth and success for our advertisers on our platforms(Marktplaats.nl, 2dehands.be and 2ememain.be).With 40,000 brands advertising on our platform each year, yourprimary responsibility isensuring our customer’s success by managing the onlineadvertising (display)campaigns of ourtop-tierdirect-managedadvertisers, from the moment of entry, continuous performance improvements and final evaluations. You are theday-to-daycontact for our account managers, media agencies, trading desks and will provide advice to bothnationaland international advertisers to ensure their campaignswillhavemaximum impactby leveraging all our formats and extensive targeting options.TheD&AO teamis part oftheAdvertiser Success team, which isamulti-disciplinaryteam consisting ofDemand,Ad Tech,Yield and Data specialistswho closely collaborate with each other and liaise with the Advertising Sales Teamdaily.Together we’re responsible for allthird partyadvertising on our platform. Think of Display,Adsense, branded content and video. Your responsibilities / role:Managing display,videoand contentadvertising campaigns:Fully responsible for managing display,videoand contentadvertising campaigns for ourtop tier clients: media agencies and advertisers.Being the expert in how our customers can best reach their goals through advertising onourplatformsusing our advertising technology(Google AdManager 360).Maintaining contact with trading desks & media planners to optimize running campaignsand to spot opportunities.Ensure proper planning, forecasting, order entry, monitoring, reporting and evaluating campaigns.Ensure pro-active analysis of running campaigns, identify and solve problems, delegating resolution of bugs (e.g., in material or the technical back end) and answering questions from our customers.Liaise with our externalAdOpspartnerandinternalstakeholders, for proper campaign planning, invoicing and reporting. Driving Advertiser Success and commercial support :Partner up with the Advertising Sales Account managers and visiting our customers (agencies, trading desks, advertisers) tounderstandanddrivetheirsuccess.Collaborating closely with the Senior Online Demand Specialist BNL and Team Lead BNL to drive the execution of the Sales Excellence Plan forMarktplaatstogether with the Advertising Sales Account Managers.Proactively provide Advertising Sales Account managers and agency planners with advice on how we can optimize the running campaigns to reach the KPIs and make the best out of their spends.Actively identify commercial opportunities, think along with our customers and account managers to ensure success, expand budgets, and secure additional advertising campaigns.Createproof points of success of our advertising proposition,e.g.by developing award winning cases with ourclients and/or technology partners. Jobrequirements:Minimum of 5 years’ experience in the advertising industry (client-side, agency, publishing or a mix).Very strong knowledge of programmatic display & video advertising,experience with GoogleAdManager360 isa must.Analytic and data-drivento analyze and optimize running campaignsFlexible way of working. - able to cope with a fast-changing environmentAble to work independently and within a group tomanage several projects with tight deadlinesand topush projects to completionExcellent organizational and project management skillsFull English professional proficiency (written and verbal) is requiredPreferred Qualifications:Strong knowledge of full(digital) marketing (upper and lower funnel, branding and performanceadvertising channels) to develop best-in-classintegrated campaignsGenuine interest in (digital) advertising and marketing, and the latest the developments in our (advertising and e-commerce) industryExperience with online advertising tools (DSPs,AdXor others).Experience with data management platforms and audience selection.Flexible, kind, enthusiastic attitude with the willingness to walk the extra mile.Comfortable in presentingto internal and external stakeholder. Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feelMarktplaatsis a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that youhave the opportunity tobring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/ Covid-19:People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0acb2a205cdb560&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=02dc0801ac1e4ada&assa=6980,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d0acb2a205cdb560&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
21,waste management,Indeed,p_b5e51643158d4a9b,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8691ced92c4767e0&assa=3612,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
22,waste management,Indeed,p_786631675751849b,Consumer Insights Manager,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Consumer Insights Manager, you will lead the way for Body&Fit in creating commercial insights and conduct in-depth analysis about the customer experience journey. With your strong analytical capabilities you will provide a deeper understanding of our consumer that aims at reducing the information gaps about the consumer’s journey.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Create commercial insights and reporting related to all aspects of the consumer journey and website effectiveness (including product performance, site usability, marketing and sales), using GA web analytics data and A/B testing results

Conduct in-depth analysis to fill information gaps about the customer experience journey using a variety of sources, from primary and secondary research to competitive insights and in-house data analytics, as appropriate
Use statistical analysis as appropriate for segmentation, deep dives on audiences, etc
Generate reports based on the analysis and present it in stakeholder meetings
Work with wider business teams to transition key insights into self-service dashboards for use by the business
Develop and lead a consumer insights project board delivering key projects
Lead, manage and own external relationships with insight research providers

What you will bring to Body & Fit:

A strong background in Mathemetics or Statistics
Experience in CX measurement principles and techniques (including the use of NPS metric)
Proven track record of using insights that feed strategic decisions
Experience of working within an e-commerce business
Experience in using Google Analytics, Google Big Query, Tableau and related tools for data analysis
Knowledge in data science methodologies would be advantageous
Basic understanding of web principles such as accessibility, SEO, Iframes, URL etc
Proactive in solving problems and naturally inquisitive with a creative mindset
Fluency in English

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=786631675751849b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=595b0701e8a4f4b2&assa=4710,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=786631675751849b&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
23,waste management,Indeed,p_d99f149a2a5752be,Jr Product Manager - MarTech,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by crafting a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the teamClassifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to engage with the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.You’ll be part of an emerging Agile team, focusing on building and improving our state of the art MarTech offerings utilizing Adobe Marketing suite and Google Cloud Platform!About the roleAs a Jr. Product Manager for Marketing Technology you lead solution evaluations to define business and functional requirements to ensure tools and systems effectively enable our teams. Capitalizing on data and technology to fulfill organizational goals. We trust you to understand not only the practical applications of the marketing craft but the technology we utilize to make it happen!Together with the Sr. Product Manager, tech and delivery leads you create clarity on the teams’ roadmap and key results and ensure a continuous delivery of value to our end customers and our business. Share stories of successful value delivery across the Classifieds Group. Provide context and easy access to knowledge for local markets and thus reduce time to impact globally.Coordinate data security initiatives and product improvements;Desired skills and experience:We are looking for general expertise with a wide variety of marketing software, like CRM platforms, experience management software, customer data management platforms, marketing automation software, Google Cloud Suite and Mobile tracking software.Experience with Product Management in an Agile environment, ideally in the marketing or classifieds space;Marketing Technology experience (preferably SaaS, Cloud-based and automation solutions)Enjoy working with and managing partners on a global scale, building strong relationships;Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Able to frame problems, collect data, perform the analysis;Inventive with ability to get things done. Capable of operating in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, across multiple teams and balancing multiple priorities;Natural consensus-builder and collaborative decision-making style across partners, commercial, design & engineering teams;Great teammate with excellent collaboration, communication and organization skills;Bachelor’s degree or higher education.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d99f149a2a5752be&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b517de1baf272d49&assa=7344,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d99f149a2a5752be&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
24,waste management,Indeed,p_3d309f253d4b2813,Supply & Demand planner,Bloomon, Amstelveen,"bloomon is turning the flower industry on its head – for the better. How? By disrupting the traditional supply chain, where most florists operate offline and have done for decades. bloomon creates seasonal collections using unusual stems to deliver unique flower arrangements on repeat or as a unique gift. We always use field-fresh high-quality flowers straight from the grower and deliver to our customers through a high-tech and highly creative platform. Our e-commerce company launched in Amsterdam in 2014 and went from start-up to scale-up at hypersonic speed. We are already active in five countries: the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, UK, and Denmark. Next step? To conquer Europe… and then the world. Our goal? To become the first global flower brand in the lifestyle segment, filling hearts and homes with happiness. One bouquet at a time.
Supply & Demand Planning at bloomon
bloomon has grown to its current size with a business model based around subscription customers - this means that we have been able to buy our flowers and produce our bouquets according to the direct order schedule of our customers, and did not have to do a lot of forecasting. Now, we are well underway expanding our on-demand offering, for which customer buying behaviour is much more volatile and harder to predict. And this is where our demand planning comes in.
The challenge? Perfectly forecasting the quantities of flowers needed to meet demand, but not have any waste. As you understand it is impossible to keep things on stock with our super fresh product… To do this we are looking for a talented demand planner to lead the development of our new and dynamic demand planning processes. To excel in this role you need a strong analytical mindset, great Excel skills, be driven by achieving clear tangible results and have proven communication expertise. If this sounds like you, keep on reading!
What will you do?
As demand planner, you will be part of the operations team, but you will collaborate as closely with the commercial team. You will hold a central position in which you will combine input from all relevant stakeholders to make informed decisions on the forecast. By gathering and analyzing data, challenging commercial assumptions and stretching supply chain capabilities you are striving to have an optimal result: maximum sales and minimum waste. The impact of your work is very significant: based on your forecast we make our buying decisions, with huge financial consequences. You will work on forecasting up to 6 months in advance, but also optimize for products that are on sale today and tomorrow to maximize results.


Your main responsibilities include:
Create, maintain and optimize the rolling demand forecast (1-200 days in advance) for our fresh and dry products (currently 10-20 SKU’s)
Determine forecast quantities per design/country/delivery day/color based on sales statistics, supply chain capacity, marketing and sales feedback
Incorporating inputs such as marketing campaigns, special commercial moments, seasonality and holiday changes into the forecast
Managing the meeting and process framework to ensure forecasts are constructively challenged to drive consensus and accuracy
Create and optimize KPI dashboard on forecast accuracy, waste and product availability, and strive to outperform these KPI’s
Coordinate supply chain planning around holidays and special commercial moments (Valentines, Easter, Mothers Day, Christmas, etc.)
Provide updated forecasts to meet the business-wide planning deadlines.
Further enhance bloomons’ business capabilities on forecasting and demand planning
Live gatekeeping of stock levels of all our products, across all countries and all delivery days, ensuring that where possible we are never sold out - in close collaboration with the junior demand planner
Requirements
Masters degree in business or related field
3-5 years experience in a supply chain environment and working with demand planning and forecasting
Highly advanced analytical skills and strong MS Excel/Google sheets knowledge
Great communication skills and experience in stakeholder management
Entrepreneurial and proactive mindset, ability to work on own initiative
You perform well under pressure
Commercial attitude: you want to win
You are fluent in English
Why bloomon?
Becoming part of bloomon means becoming a trendsetter. We make sure that we not only spread happiness amongst our customers, but also to our employees. We believe that different minds can create uniqueness. Our international team of highly talented people has different interests and hobbies and we support them all.

Current additional bloomon benefits:
Working in a young, flexible and entrepreneurial environmentHappiness days (4 extra days off per year for your personal “me-time”)Electrical Van Moof lease bike at your disposalAnd of course lots of beautiful fresh flowers!
Benefits when life goes back to normal:
Daily fresh and healthy lunch prepared by our lovely lunch chefA BBQ-worthy rooftop terraceFriday drinks and social events
We all love what we do – so if you like challenges, developing new skills, growing creatively and taking initiative, you’ll feel right at home as part of the bloomon family.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3d309f253d4b2813&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d727d0d3835f3d93&assa=9096,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3d309f253d4b2813&fccid=023b97fcad83c483&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
25,waste management,Indeed,p_2cf10b5aea4b34c6,Global CRM and Loyalty Manager,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"In the role of Global CRM & Loyalty Manager you will be responsible for the development and implementation of industry leading CRM strategy and customer programs across multiple channels – email, online, in-store, mobile, social media. Leads cross functional teams. CRM is of strategic importance for Hunkemöller and the CRM manager plays a leading role in the organization.
Key responsibilities:
Development and implementation of the CRM strategy across multiple channels, leading to truly driving Life time value
Responsible for CRM KPIs like frequency of purchase, average basket value, customer acquisition and retention, traffic, member acquisition and registration, customer data
Responsible for Email marketing driving traffic & revenue to online & offline stores
Analysing of customer data, generating customer insights and translating it into successful customer programs with segmented propositions
Development and optimization of the loyalty program, staying ahead of the industry and relevant to the consumers in order to drive customer value & loyalty
Continuously track new CRM initiatives or technologies in the market and adopt where relevant keeping Hunkemoller leading in CRM innovations
Development & implementation of strategy for optimizing customer data (quantity & quality)
Development and management of CRM suppliers (e.g. CRM infrastructure & tooling, CRM consultancy, campaign support, data analysis, etc.)
CRM reporting
Manage team of CRM marketer's, Email marketer's and indirect the data analyst
Competences:
Positive attitude and drive as well as motivator. Be a source of energy
Excellent planning and organizational skills
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
Budget ownership
Customer centric; see customers as Nr 1.
Strategic view with hands on mentality
Flexible approach to work with the ability to respond to changing and fast growing business (24/7 attitude)
Team player, able to liaise and collaborate with different departments (IT, sales, merchandising, online, communications)
Requirements:
Minimum 7-8 years experience in CRM, preferably within a retail environment
Proven track record in translating customer data into effective CRM programs
English language (written and spoken)
Affinity with fashion and retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller has become a much-loved, social & inclusive brand; the leading Omni Channel Retailer in Europe and still rapidly expanding.
To continue & support our success story, we are looking for an experienced Global CRM & Loyalty Manager who loves data, is customer centric and really is a driving force in optimizing lifetime value.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2cf10b5aea4b34c6&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bd34c311564eb9b4&assa=61,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2cf10b5aea4b34c6&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
26,waste management,Indeed,p_01ac904cf8e83d0b,"Analytics&Insights Lead, Global Trust&CX",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.About the team Trust & Customer Experience is eCG Global operations team working across different platforms (Marktplaats, Gumtree, Kijiji and more) in 6+ countries. We’re responsible for Trust and Safety, Customer Support, and we’re the voice of the customer for the local and global teams. As Analytics & Insights Lead you’ll be a trusted partner with a global impact, generating high-value analytical insights and driving metrics definition and reporting.Every day you will work closely with a team of experienced Data analysts and Data scientists focusing on multiple Product, Users and Experimentation related questions. Join us!ResponsibilitiesBuild subject matter expertise on Trust and Safety and Customer Experience with data informed insights.Proactively discuss learning opportunities with our partners, leading to research projects and eventually resulting in insights delivery to enhance our users understanding and increase Trust CX initiatives relevance and efficiency.Influence Trust & CX Strategy identifying both global and markets specific trendsAnswer complex questions via ad-hoc SQL queries to enable critical decision makingDefine, instrument, and maintain new and existing Trust & CX metrics.Explore new ways to measure and communicate the impact of trust & customer service contacts on business.Build and maintain key Trust & CX dashboards in partnership with global areas or local teams: comfortable in translating operational metrics into dashboards.Ensure data integrity and work with global teams to alert of inconsistencies or address missing data enablers.Preferred Qualifications: Education:BA/BS in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field)Experience:5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions: work experience in Product Analytics, Business Intelligence, Sales/Finance Analytics, and/or Strategy consulting.Professional experience in a global organization, preferably in digital native business.Technical skills:Proficiency in at least one data querying language, preferably SQL, Hive or Hadoop.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Familiar with Tableau, sophisticated spreadsheet and presentation software skills.Experience building intuitive and impactful dashboards and data visualizations.Experience with analytics/data science tool is a plus (for example R or Python).Soft skills:Strong communication skills and a strategic problem solver with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skillsComfortable with ambiguity and defining business requirements related to large scale data warehousing projects.- Stakeholder management skills - ability to build consensus by clearly communicating and presenting information.People oriented! Eager to build positive and productive relationships with international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=01ac904cf8e83d0b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b7b17425be963304&assa=1105,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=01ac904cf8e83d0b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
27,waste management,Indeed,p_d0e794146be77b24,Customer Success Specialist,Shoplogix Inc, Amsterdam Centrum,"COMPANY DESCRIPTIONShoplogix is a fast-growing and highly innovative organization focused on delivering smart, could-based, software solutions that improve production performance for manufacturers worldwide. We have customers in 32 countries and direct representation in 11 countries. Shoplogix is an autonomous company under Constellation Software, the largest software group and the most successful technology stock in Canada over the last 10 years [TSX: CSU]. Shoplogix is in a unique position as it has the long-term and full backing of Constellation Software including access to their best practices and career opportunities. At the same time, Shoplogix has a highly entrepreneurial and dynamic culture given it operates as a fully autonomous company.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONShoplogix is an advanced IIoT software platform that increases efficiency, boosts productivity and improves performance in manufacturing. We offer an innovative web-based solution that transforms the way we see, analyze and interpret data to drive machine and process efficiency on the plant-floor. Our cloud-based performance management solution delivers real-time visual tracking and analysis of production and automatically highlights the opportunity cost of downtime in a highly visual and intuitive reporting interface. Shoplogix integrates data visualization with powerful analytics to expose hidden losses, eliminate waste and accelerate continuous improvement and operational excellence.JOB SUMMARYWe are looking to hire a Customer Success Specialist to provide customer support for our suite of hardware and software products. We are looking for the best people: self-motivated and driven professionals with very high ethical standards. You will be responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction by means of quick response to maintenance support requests, general help desk type requests and being very proactive with our quickly evolving product offering. You will be accountable for ensuring that existing customers continue to gain business value from our solution and maximize adoption. Fluency in French is a requirement. Best fits for this role tend to come from Engineering, Operations and Consulting backgrounds. If the candidate has a programming background,Your role will grow as you gain experience - in time, you could become involved with Customer Advocacy, Pre and Post-Sales Support, Customer and Partner Training and Field Services.What you'll be doing: Help Desk:  Manage customer support cases on a day-to-day basis, including monitoring of the incoming queue, answering the support phone line, and escalate cases appropriately and in a timely manner.Support:  Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues, including account setup and configuration. Determine the cause and solutions or workarounds to an issue. You will need to work with senior team members while learning how to effectively diagnose issues, but should become very self-sufficient, eventually providing ideas and feedback as to how we can enhance our product to avoid these issues in the future.Adoption:  Present and discuss new features with the customer, perform the changes, then review and validate with the customer.Communication : Communicate with Customers about software features, provide training and assist with implementation.Process Improvement:  Help build our Knowledge Base and engage in continuous improvement by creating written materials which can be shared amongst the team as well as with our partner community and customers.Advocacy:  Engage and support Continuous Improvement initiatives by assisting customers with improvement insightsWe are looking for candidates with: Technical Diploma or Certification in Engineering, Computer ScienceExcellent problem solving and communication skills. Fluency in French is a requirementAbility to self-manage and be proactive when your tasks are complete.Knowledge of Electrical Wiring, PLC programming are advantages.Experience working in manufacturing environments and good understanding of manufacturing practices and Operational Excellence are valuedExperience working directly with customersGood organization and time management skills an absolute must.Customer Service experience and experience working with cross functional teamsAbility to apply theoretical concepts to practical applications and installations.WHY SHOPLOGIX? Entrepreneurial and fast-growing software company, both through organic growth and acquisitionsAccess to best practices and growth opportunities through our owner Constellation SoftwareCompetitive compensation, flex hours and a comprehensive benefits packageWe take great pride in our first-class team and family like culture. “Open-door” communicationThe premium and most progressive product on the marketThis is a full-time and permanent position.Job Types: Full-time, Contract, PermanentLanguage:English and French, any other European language is a Plus (Required)Work Remotely:YesCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Shoplogix-Inc/jobs/Customer-Success-Specialist-d0e794146be77b24?fccid=4954722ced54de86&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
28,waste management,Indeed,p_3c819b704d54b238,Process Specialist,PepsiCo, Broek op Langedijk,"Auto req ID: 224053BR

Job Description
Are you up for the challenge? Apply now! You'll be rewarded with global career opportunities, constant learning and development. We offer you the opportunity to be part of a highly successful and highly ethical company that is making a difference.

About PepsiCo

PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated more than $67 billion in net revenue in 2019, driven by a complementary food and beverage portfolio. This portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including 23 brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales.

Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to Be the Global Leader in Convenient Foods and Beverages by Winning with Purpose. ""Winning with Purpose"" reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and embed purpose into all aspects of the business. For more information, visit www.pepsico.com.

Building a more sustainable food system is critical for the health of our communities and the planet we all share. Take a look at the latest efforts by PepsiCo to fight climate change, protect natural resources, and more: https://pepsico.com/sustainability/strategy

Main Purpose:
The role holder is responsible for chips & snacks processing on performance, capability, performance involvement & leading project technical experts. It is accountable for the rollout of projects in Chips or Snacks and the problem solving activity in those areas. It is also responsible for identifying area’s to improve performance, rolling out projects (modification changes and investments, including new technology) and building capability to improve performance. It is also day to day accountable for the performance KPI’s: yield, waste,seasoning and oil efficiency.
Accountable for Chips & Snacks processing (problem solving capability)
Leading productivity projects on Greenbelt level
Leading team of project technical experts
Participant within daily performance process
Coaching performance process
Leading the capability agenda – responsible on training
Qualifications/RequirementsCapable of leading continuous improvement processesKnowledgeable on operational processes and metricsExcellent computer skills (Excel, Powerpoint, etc)Good communicator in Dutch & EnglishExcellent communications and interpersonal skills, team playerCommunication at different levels (i.e. operators vs Operations Manager) and to different stakeholders
Good analytical skillsPerformance drivenStrategic thinking/ VisionGreenbelt certified
Basic coach

Differentiating skills;

Capable of motivating & coaching employeesProactive, willing to take initiative in order to achieve better resultsGood time management skills and flexibleCapable of balancing short and long term activitiesOrganisation sensitivity
Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable
Job Type: Regular",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3c819b704d54b238&from=vj&sjdu=y9u3RRZ4xEEderSf58Q_gYje84kLKmpSi0Kgl66BcSNrUuKI28zIeBMxAe9SLMAlWnlNVygKNjjERSPS2Z41Dnu4znLuR7OWJAPF_QonYCwErvOkmeD8w_ii10-t0VWccLwA6IveO-ZA3mts0wfSFTaYZZV1okeitFcBcp1RQaNGddqAUEj2Vd1EY3ijNjAKapegQHZqyNj55pXQxrQsiR8cKkcoSy35wtHo2I2ivEI0Nm_SJd9fWSAsMFSKnXIb&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=957d9dd0654ef847&assa=3434,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3c819b704d54b238&fccid=2973259ddc967948&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
29,waste management,Indeed,p_31bca3eece1eb83f,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1a2b26ace5178b6a&assa=4625,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&fccid=a666093538a842fa&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
30,waste management,Indeed,p_034b9fc20e0fffcd,"Global Strategy & Ops Mgr, Trust & CX",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.Our team:Trust & Customer Experience is eCG Global operations team working across different platforms (Marktplaats, Gumtree, Kijiji and more) in 6+ countries. We’re responsible for Trust and Safety, Customer Support, and we’re the voice of the customer for the local and global teams. As Strategy & Operations Manager you’ll have a global impact and report to the Director of Trust & CX. The ideal candidate has experience in crafting strategic scenarios, executive communication and partner management, and is a self-starter who proactively identifies and solves problems, driven by data. This individual has a 'willing to take action' mentality and thrives and enjoys a fast-paced and cross-functional environmentJoin us!Responsibilities:Develop a deep understanding of Trust and Customer Experience Operations that can connect the dots between teams and countries to identify areas for improvement, efficiency, and collaboration.Help form Trust & CX Operations strategy and vision for the future.Drive goal setting and performance management, and run rhythm of the business reporting and monitoring of key performance metrics.Develop executive-level communications and presentations for eCG’s leadership.Strengthen the Trust & CX community and build a better communications strategy.Explore new ways to measure and communicate the impact of trust & customer service contacts on businessSupport forecasting and budget process and cost optimizationOwn or support ad-hoc strategic projects, requests and/or analysis, as needed.Drive key leadership meetings and facilitate alignment on key issues and opportunities; follow up on action items and progress.Preferred qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Economics, Business, Finance, or other quantitative fields; MBA is preferredExperience leading strategy, operations and process improvement projects at a leading management consulting firm or in a relevant strategy/operations team.Experience in communicating with and making pitches to senior leadersExperience leading strategic projects and strategic analyticsProven partner management and influencing skills in a cross-functional environmentSophisticated analytical skillsExperience with Consumer Products, Trust & Safety, Community Operations, Customer Service area is a plus!Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=034b9fc20e0fffcd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=56f9d525bfb393d0&assa=7188,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=034b9fc20e0fffcd&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
31,waste management,Indeed,p_2a0aebb256a6a055,Junior Social Media Community Specialist,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller is a much loved social and inclusive brand and this has been rewarded by being voted by our Shero's as No 1 lingerie brand in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Spain. Our vision is to make Hunkemöller the first choice for women in Europe with our whole focus being on designing our vision and strategy around our Shero. Building a brand that is truly social is a key part of our current and future strategy. We fully embrace social media when engaging with our Shero, our Marketing team is here the key driver.
As Social Media & Community Specialist you will support the team with the following:
Social Media:
Work closely with the Sr Social Media Coordinator on the strategic planning of social media marketing campaigns and in managing the execution of social media strategies, and campaigns
Work with PR, creative, and social team to create high quality, engaging, relevant, and timely content
Co-manage the social media editorial calendar and ensure the content is published by the stipulated deadlines
Contribute to foster and strengthen new relationships with key influencers within the community
Keep up with the latest trends on social media emerging social media platforms in the industry and within the influencer community
Increase brand awareness and audience engagement across a range of social platforms, and be able to report on the effectiveness of your activity
Analyze and provide feedback to optimize social media content (on a global level) for some of the key channels, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest, Tiktok & Snapchat
Deliver insights and advice on social content strategy: for both organic and paid social channels; in alignment with content teams.
Grow and expand Hunkemoller social media presence. increase presence on existing platforms including but not limited to Facebook, TikTok, Twitter, and Instagram
Community:
Manage and develop Hunkemoller's online community. Act as the brand's spokesman and communicate with end-users within the community
Build the Hunkemoller's online presence and foster stronger relationships between the brand and the public
Be the point of contact within the social media community and strive to engage and provide support to members of the community for the company's social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, Instagram, forum and blog
Communicate, provide support and interact with community members and customers in a professional, personable, and timely manner to grow and keep the community alive
Monitor trends and topics mentioned by the community and anticipate potential problems that may negatively affect brand reputation.
Generate comprehensive reports on overall community sentiment and notable trends and provide meaningful feedback
Deploy social listening tools to monitor positive/negative comments and topic trends, and strive to boost engagement and resolve any potential conflicts that may affect brand reputation
Monitor the social channels through Meltwater and other tools and work closely with customer service to effectively manage community engagement
Analyze the performance of social activations and hashtags, coming back to the objectives and identify successes and areas for improvement
Ensure social media KPI's are met each financial period
Come up with new creative (A/B) test options throughout the channels; and follow up on learnings.
Collaborate closely with our creative, PR, buying and merchandising teams for rapid and seamless execution
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Good knowledge about the social media landscape (especially Facebook and Instagram; others are a pre) and expertise in managing social media platforms
Ability to analyze and advice on creative content ideas
Familiarity with online marketing strategies and channels
Experience with social listening and community management tools
Experience with social advertising, paid social knowledge is beneficial, but not essential.
Ability to grasp future trends in digital technologies and act proactively
Excellent communication, writing and language skills; fluent English & Dutch (other languages are pre)
Multitasking, able to handle stress and has analytical skills (experience with Google Analytics is a pre)
Commercially and creatively minded
A self-starter with respect for others' points of view: The ability to work well alone as well as with different departments across the business
Process driven and demonstrate an ability to deliver in a timely manor
Energetic, enthusiastic, proactive and driven
Finished a Bachelor, HBO or Masters degree in (online) marketing/communications
Gained at least 1—2 years of experience in a social marketing role
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link to your social media channels. In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a0aebb256a6a055&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=242dfe4b5539bcd8&assa=4277,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a0aebb256a6a055&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
32,waste management,Indeed,p_e56e283b2a7a7a97,Workplace Services Lead,JLL, Amsterdam,"Role Summary
Our Workplace Services Leads are instrumental in driving our vision of “Creating inspirational, sustainable workplace experiences for our people and communities”. They must be visible and influential leaders of talented individuals and teams accountable for delivery of outstanding facilities and services. Their role is to design, communicate and deliver integrated, innovative and differentiated workplace solutions for our client. They have accountability for all strategic and operational activity including, but not limited to EH&S, client and customer interaction, work place modernisation and standardisation as well as managing the site-based teams for properties in their areas of responsibility.

The Workplace Services Manager for Project Apollo will be accountable for the delivery of the real estate portfolio across all service lines on the account, including Transaction Management, Portfolio planning and strategy, Project Management and Facilities Management

Overall Role & Major Responsibilities
Core Competencies
Build on the existing safety culture driving risk reduction, demonstrate a culture of care and be incident free

Drive the JLL HSSE program of “One Team – Safer Together”

Continuously deliver a reliable and compliant workplace, ensuring it is fit for purpose for local business requirements

Work with the EMEA Account Lead, Client and Key Stakeholders in defining workplace strategies to support the concepts of Hub, Club, Home and Roam

Rollout key initiatives including but not limited to systems and data utilisation.

Work with the EMEA Account Director and Finance Director to develop and manage budgets in conjunction with the site leads

Be a change champion in reducing the carbon footprint through energy efficiency and the adoption of renewable energies to achieve a target of net zero by 2030

Build, drive and report on initiatives to reduce waste, water and resources

Motivate our teams to deliver a workplace which inspires talent to succeed and nurtures their health and wellbeing

Manage Site Managers/Subject Matter Experts (SME) work streams to support the delivery teams across the region

Ensure consistent reporting and coordination regionally

Using data to drive strategic decisions

Support the EMEA Account Director to drive and achieve goals and objectives including P&L, risk, energy targets and the account SLAs & KPIs

Manage the sub-regional FM delivery ensuring standards are maintained and be a contact point for any FM account related issues, provide training, and support in issue resolution

Build and maintain client relationships
Work with local clients to develop, cascade, deliver and report shared goals and objectives and ensure these are cascaded at all levels

Develop strong relationships with clients, key stakeholders, customers including setting up regular customer forums to promote 360 feedback

Utilise the data suite to analyse and report opportunities for service enhancement and support the client in cost v quality making decisions

Ensure close contact is established with client organizations to remain abreast of current strategy, thinking, policies and procedures

In collaboration with the EMEA Account Lead embed a strong governance framework including presenting at– Annual, Quarterly & monthly governance meetings and ensure direct reports do the same for their areas of responsibility

Develop and Lead a high performing team
Work with regional Human Resources lead on recruitment and selection strategies ensuring roles are filled with top talent

Build a high performing diverse and inclusive workforce

Work with regional Human Resources to develop regional training and skills development programs, ensuring all staff have the right qualifications and training for their roles

Ensure succession plans are in place for key roles

Achieve financial results
Working with their direct reports drive the enhancement of local budget ownership and control by reducing cost without impact to quality

Working with the EMEA Account Lead compile and deliver monthly financial updates demonstrating control and knowledge

In conjunction with EMEA Account Lead, support the preparation of accurate budgets and forecasts

Work with the EMEA Account Lead to develop the annual client plans including driving Risk and opportunities

Deliver the contract commitments
Increase regional integration and collaboration through the vested culture to drive innovation.

Reduce the carbon footprint through energy efficiency and the adoption of renewable energies to achieve a target of net zero by 2030 or sooner.

Ensure account delivers against contract deliverables – meeting all KPI’s, budget targets and project commitments for all service lines.

Manage the change control process for own areas of responsibility

Ensure the delivery of engineering and maintenance services.

Drive the client’s workplace improvement strategies

Compliance and risk management delivery
Build on the existing safety culture to drive risk reduction, demonstrate a culture of care and be incident free.

Ensure all defined services are completed in accordance with quality operating procedures and statutory requirements.

Ensure compliance with company policies – guidelines and values, local laws and the guidelines of client’s organisation.

Ensure there is no, or minimal, downtime of critical services.

Senior Management Team Responsibilities
Be the leader of HSSE, demonstrate through own actions and leadership

Be the Incident owner and controller for all significant escalations

Escalate issues and concerns timely to both the client organisation and internally

Active participation or representation in all in-Country management meetings

Identify issues and assess problems using a logical and rational approach and develop options and strategies to resolve

Organize regular operational meeting to ensure the SMEs and hub/country leads are aligned

Organize regular forums for networking and engagement for senior regional management

Personal Competencies, Attributes & Knowledge
Ability to influence, partner and operate strategically are critical competencies.

Energy and drive to develop the customer experience

Good understanding of current industry technology and with a drive for market knowledge future enhancements

Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills via multiple media.

Commercially and financially astute.

Strategic thinking and decision making.

Able to lead and inspire, guide and coach, and develop the performance of those managed either remotely or in person.

Seeks feedback to inform quick decision making.

Has courage to make tough decisions (fail fast)

Excellent relationship, and stakeholder management skills.

Able to work in a complex environment and comfortable with ambiguity

#LI-JB2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e56e283b2a7a7a97&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c7ecb65ac8eba58c&assa=6686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e56e283b2a7a7a97&fccid=9917de3c28f569f6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,other service activities,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,S,0.6590909090909091,0.3409090909090909,0.4166666666666667,0.5681818181818182,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
33,waste management,Indeed,p_a2d5d5b8c5903926,"Product Owner, E-Commerce",Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Product Owner, E-Commerce, you will be accountable for supporting the design and delivery of the strategic technology roadmap for the core E-Commerce website platform like email service provider and marketplace integration that support the development of Body&Fit propositions. You will work closely with all stakeholders to deliver the technology strategy for your portfolio for Body&Fit and also develop relationships with colleagues and suppliers to create a pipeline of innovation that drives our business forward ensuring delivery of the plans that underpin that strategy. Your portfolio will consist of third party systems technologies within the E-Commerce architecture of Body&Fit. In this role you will not only develop the strategy but also ensure execution and delivery with the teams.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Be accountable for the end to end definition, delivery and ongoing operation of all digital products relating to your portfolio

Work closely with other product owners and external partners
Support and determine the investment cases for products within your area by taking responsibility of the agreed business benefits and ROI for products within your portfolio
Ensure continuous engagement with all stakeholders across different functions
Create, develop and maintain third party supplier relationships
Implement an effective agile process and cross functional communication
Be recognised as the “go to” leader for your portfolio by removing bottlenecks, work collaboratively and adaptively to meet the needs of your internal customers

What you will bring to Body & Fit

A BA/BSc degree or equivalent professional experience
Good track record of delivering complex technology changes in a fast-paced environment
Proven experience in managing multiple stakeholders with clear and precise communication in a cross functional setup
Good track record of successfully delivering cross functional projects with a strong understanding of both Agile and Waterfall project delivery methodologies
In depth knowledge and strong understanding of eCommerce
Passion for data management, analytics and user experience
Fluent communication skills
Ability to deliver change and solve complex challenges
Passion for sports nutrition and/or healthy lifestyle

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a2d5d5b8c5903926&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=829307b055b61987&assa=7397,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a2d5d5b8c5903926&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
34,waste management,Indeed,p_b45a814f27dc88ec,Customer Service Team Lead,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Customer Service Team Lead, you will have the opportunity to work closely with the Body&Fit Customer Service team. You will be part of the CS Leadership Team and act as the first point of contact for the CS agents. With your hands on mentality, you will keep a close eye on the targets and ensure the delivery of a balanced set of metrics which support great performance in line with an excellent customer experience at a team and department level.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Responsible for day-to-day people management of customer service agents and supporting their overall professional development

Allocate work for the CS agents and manage their duty rotation, supported by Senior Level 1 CSRs
Gather key inputs from direct colleagues (on CSR performance) and the Reporting Analyst (on KPIs and workload)
Be the first point of contact for country managers and other departments for handling daily business
Attend and give input in weekly CS management meeting
Actively give input for The Voice of the Customer for TM management
Act as the first point of contact for the CS agents
Maintain the quality of the team and CS department by actively working with the other team leaders within the department
Manage communication with customers through multiple channels including phone, e-mail, chat and social media
Register queries in our customer service system Freshdesk
Increase customer engagement by making every customer feel unique
Actively identify trends and developments in the field of sport, diet, nutrition and healthy lifestyles
Contribute to the continuous improvement of our services and our communication to continuously increase our overall customer satisfaction

What you will bring to Body & Fit

A minimum of 3 years experience with a MBO+/HBO level of education

Proven track record of leadership capabilities
Fluency in Dutch and English
Fluency in any of these languages Russian, Swedish, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Italian, German or French would be advantageous
Customer-oriented with an enthusiastic attitude
The ability to multitask with the customer, phone and computer
The ability to be flexible in a dynamic environment
Strong attention to detail
The ability to work independently, but also have a great team spirit
A passion for fitness, nutrition and a healthy lifestyle

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b45a814f27dc88ec&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=676f45cd7b2d5efd&assa=8144,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b45a814f27dc88ec&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
35,waste management,Indeed,p_8bb00c3f7806ce3b,CFO,LIME SearchConnection, Amsterdam,"Job Description

The Renewal Workshop (TRW) is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. They are organized around the idea that businesses have multiple responsibilities for generating positive, lasting value. The Renewal Workshop is here to solve hard problems and to create circular systems that make things better. Their work is to do what is good and right for people and for the planet:
to reduce waste and restore valueto create jobs and treat people fairlyto serve customers kindly and work with partners cooperatively. They consciously choose to act with love in what we do and how we do it.
The CFO role is a position for an experienced finance person who wants to dig in and define strategy, analysis, funding, KPIs, and business models for a fast growing circular economy company. While as a young company TRW has strong financial control and management, as they scale they need to take it to the next level. And now as a global company with operations in the US and EU, the company is faced with financial management across multiple systems of reporting, taxation, and employee management. This is the ideal opportunity to define how a key player in the apparel circular economy ecosystem scales, gets investment, manages global growth, and evolves to serve brands and customers with a zero-waste revenue-generating solution.
Typical duties include:
Budget
Ensure there is a clear global budget and projections for the company;
Manage the process for developing circle budgets in both EU and US and quarterly check-ins;
Purchase/Expense policy management;
Weekly cashflow management;
Monthly budget progression and projection management and analysis;
Working with outsourced/contracted bookkeeping resources in US and EU.
Strategic Finance
Evolve the business model and unit economics model of the business to allow for replication and scale;
In partnership with the founders and board, develop the long term investment and debt strategy for the company;
Research, develop and test new financial models for the circular businesses including internally and with our brand partners;
Work with brand partners to educate on circular economy finances;
Development and management of the financial models, projection models, and scenario models to meet financial needs of the business but also of our brand partners;
Explore opportunities for US and EU grants and work with grant writers and consortium partners to secure funding for innovative circular projects.
Operations Analysis
Ensure the production teams have the information they need to plan, balance, innovate, and improve processes and efficiency;
Create and manage tools to enable the financial analysis of operational costs using production data;
Work directly with production leads to create and review KPIs to provide financial insights into process analysis and improvements;
Develop ROI models for capex investments in automation to improve efficiency and reduce cogs.
Board and Founder Support
Ensure the company has the financial sophistication of a global enterprise and can report out to various stakeholders including the board of directors and investors;
Collaborate with founders on the development of yearly strategy and long-term strategic planning;
Co-lead future fundraising efforts with the founders, preparing the company for and participating in discussions with potential Series B investors;
Prepare financials for reporting and collaborate with founders on quarterly board presentations and company strategy.
Financial Compliance
Ensure the company is compliant with legal and regulatory filings and work with our outsourced tax accountants to ensure accurate submission of corporate taxes in both the US and EU;
Work with HR to manage and analyse employee benefits, health care, and pension programs;
Ensure financial compliance with employee contracts.
Finance Circle Lead
Lead the finance circle pulling together the appropriate stakeholders for regular meetings;
Set, track, and assign projects and goals for the circle;
Attend weekly General Circle meetings to represent finance and KPI reporting.
Ideal candidate profile

Education & Experience Qualifications
Preference for a candidate who has taken a company through a significant growth period (ie: Post-Series A to pre-Series B);
Preference for start-up or scale-up experience;
Preference for experience in fundraising from VC or PE;
Preference for candidates with work experience in both US and EU;
Experience working at a manufacturer or consumer goods company that has direct management of their operations and/or production;
Apparel or textile brand experience preferred but not necessary;
Experience working with many different stakeholders who have competing objectives to achieve goals.
Key Competencies & Technical Skills
Great attention to detail;
Loves to tackle big projects that need processes and tools developed;
Great listening skills, known for being a good listener and hearing what people need in order to serve them best;
Strategic thinker, able to foresee needs and plan for them;
Great communication skills - supporting MANY stakeholders and communication styles;
Service oriented;
Fluent in English.
Organisation

The Renewal Workshop (TRW) is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. TRW is helping brands reduce their negative environmental impacts and expand their businesses by adopting circular practices. TRW offer Apparel and Textile Renewal, Sales Channel Management for Renewed Products, Circular Mapping, Data Collection and Textile Recycling R&D.
Their proprietary Renewal System takes discarded apparel and textiles and turns them into Renewed Products, upcycling materials or feedstock for recycling. TRW tracks data on everything that flows through the system offering comprehensive insights never before available on products lifetime value and impact. The Renewal Workshop operates a zero waste circular system that recovers value out of what has already been created as a way of serving customers, partners, and planet.

salary
120K",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8bb00c3f7806ce3b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e6a623af8171e3e&assa=9769,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8bb00c3f7806ce3b&fccid=157debf495e993fc&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
36,waste management,Indeed,p_8b623ceefbda5c0a,Content Strategist & Copywriting Manager,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Content Strategist & Copywriting Manager, you will be responsible for developing and executing creative digital concepts, campaigns and copywriting. You are skilled and experienced within the digital environment, understand the different channels and touchpoints and are able to craft and plan 360 creative campaigns. With your team of copywriters (currently 1 Digital Content Specialist) and in collaboration with the rest of the brand team, you will ensure creative excellence, consistency of tone of voice and effective copywriting for all channels according to brand guidelines, big idea, campaign concepts and business objectives. Your role is to create campaigns and content that deeply connects with our audience and to constantly find new ways to engage and delight our “Fit” community. You will challenge perceptions, educate and inspire our audience to turn Body&Fit into a love brand and a community that everyone wants to be a part of.
The ideal candidate is a skilled copywriter, a creative mind and a visionary strategist. You are a gifted storyteller, with the ability to concept creative ideas with brand objectives and target consumer in mind. You are incredibly creative and have an appetite for learning and thinking outside the box.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Accountable for copywriting, concepting and campaign development/planning

Write/Lead development of appealing copy/campaigns that attracts, inspires and engages our consumers throughout their entire fit journey by helping them achieve their goal and ambitions through fitness and nutrition
Lead creative brainstorms to develop campaigns that will propel the Body&Fit brand among our target audience and place us as a loved brand
Outline campaigns across channels in collaboration with the different channel managers
Develop content and propositions that help educate consumers about sports nutrition, usage of products and purpose of our brand
Be a catalyst for growth by showing the power that creativity, inspirational campaigns and content can have on business success
Work closely with the design team to align visual direction and tone of voice as one consistent and strong brand direction
Develop a process and alignment for content input with nutritionists and product teams
Partner with trade and performance to develop a structured and clear way of tracking and measuring impact
Work closely with consumer research for insights
Navigate short deadlines and feasibility of ideas
Manage and develop the content team

What you will bring to Body & Fit:

A minimum of 4 to 7 years’ experience preferably in creative agencies focused on campaign development and creative copy

A skilled copywriter with strong experience in the digital space
Strong understanding of the different channels, the role they play and how to best develop the right copy specifically designed for each
Experience in working with insights to craft ideas starting from deep insights, human truths and consumer research
An individual with business acumen with understanding of business priorities and how to develop campaigns with a clear business goal
Experience in working for a global brand across multiple markets with localised content
Experience with tracking and measuring impact of copy/content/creative campaigns
Fluency in English

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!
Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8b623ceefbda5c0a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=de084a8f66252e27&assa=1250,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8b623ceefbda5c0a&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
37,waste management,Indeed,p_724d89911cd07b83,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to be on call on Saturday mornings.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=724d89911cd07b83&fccid=df683066c96ea831&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
38,waste management,Indeed,p_de0abfc8b742638f,Manager Global Sales Excellence,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"(Senior) Manager / Analyst Global Sales Excellence Department: Global Motors, eCGLocation: AmsterdamThe company: eBay Classifieds GroupeBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds, with eleven brands that span the Globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.The business unit: eCG Global Motors
Reflecting the increased focus on Motors within the group, we established a Global Motors Commercial Center of Excellence. A key pillar of the CoE, the Global Sales Excellence team drives topline growth across our brands worldwide.The role: (Senior) Manager / Analyst Global Sales Excellence
In close collaboration with the Head of Sales Excellence, you will define the roadmap for sales excellence improvement across our brands and implement. You will support high visibility and high impact sales excellence projects ranging from opportunity assessments, customer segmentations, sales team integrations and organization redesigns, to incentive system redesign, process improvements CRM design, etc.The requirements:3-7 years experience in consulting (with experience leading projects on sales excellence topics) or mix of consulting and relevant industry experienceProven track record in defining and driving end-to-end strategic and operational sales excellence projects with measurable impactExperience in customer segmentations, sales organization redesign, post-merger sales team integrations, incentive system design and administration, optimization of target setting process, data driven GTM design & sales strategy definition, Salesforce system design and optimization, sales analyticsAnalytical mindset and interest in using big data sets to form business insights. Advanced Excel knowledge is a must have; SQL, R, and other tools are a big plusAdvanced proficiency in creating and presenting concise and compelling presentationsPragmatic in solving issues and passionate about achieving realizable, measurable impactHigh motivation, good work ethic, maturity, and personal initiativeStrong attention to detail, with a quality-focused approachDown to earth team-player, not afraid of rolling up sleeves and getting hands dirtyAffinity/experience in the tech industry (marketplaces, classifieds, software) is a plusThe responsibilities:Drive strategic sales excellence projects across our brandsWork closely with Head of Sales Excellence to design and deliver end-to-end integrated sales excellence strategyDesign custom analyses to identify market opportunities, segment customers, size sales teams, etc.Synthesize insights into presentations and workshopsDrive problem solving and advance Sales Excellence CoE’s capabilitiesIndependently drive project workstreams0-20% travel expectedThe offer:Dynamic, international team with significant commercial excellence expertise, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism and a good sense of humor.High exposure position with growth opportunitiesThe chance to support markets and brands across eCG; in Europe, Canada and AustraliaA competitive salary and an excellent working environment with flat hierarchies and lots of flexibilityInterested? From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then we invite you to apply and send us your CV.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=de0abfc8b742638f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a0c1ead722b7cd43&assa=2784,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=de0abfc8b742638f&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
39,waste management,Indeed,p_53e4ee7ba9031bc0,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from February 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
If you have any questions, please contact Isabel from our Recruitment department via Tel-Nr. (0031)35-646 5165.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a IT project management support for our IT department. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=53e4ee7ba9031bc0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=36719cc1e19ff8ce&assa=3587,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=53e4ee7ba9031bc0&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
40,waste management,Indeed,p_e5f8b3afb760621a,Senior Product Manager - iCAS,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.Classifieds are shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.About the teamWe believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. We closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.Being part of CAPS, the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Senior Product Manager to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.DescriptionAs CAPS Product Manager you are responsible for the product evolution of our iCAS services. You know how to discover and tackle our customers’ problems and you are able to articulate this vision concisely. You will inspire decision makers as well as your central development teams to deliver against the strategic goals you set.As you are an ambassador of the company strategy, local business needs and the end customer, you empower your teams by setting the right priorities.Building effective relationships with stakeholders in a global setup comes natural to you. In close partnership with local business and product peers you ideate, define, experiment and craft impactful value propositions. You ensure reliable feedback loops from end-users to improve existing services and solutions or drive innovation in your portfolio.Together with tech and delivery leads you:create transparency of the teams vision, strategy, roadmap and key deliverables and ensure a continuous delivery of value to our end customers and our business;share stories of successful value delivery across the eBay Classifieds Group;provide context and easy access to knowledge for local markets and thus reduce time to impact globally.What we’re looking for:5+ years Product Management experience (preferably in Classifieds business);You can play a leading role in the overall iCas proposition;You are able to drive a compelling product vision and strategy for a complex product;You’re an experienced stakeholder manager on a global scale;Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Able to frame problems, collect data, perform the analysis, arrive at valid conclusions and present the data and metrics to influence others;Resourceful with ability to get things done. Capable of operating in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, across multiple teams and balancing multiple priorities;Experience with different measures of product discovery, quantitative testing (e.g. A/B-testing) and qualitative testing (e.g. Usability testing);Natural consensus-builder and collaborative decision-making style across partners, senior management, commercial, design & engineering teams;Self-motivated and results driven. You challenge the status quo with the ability to articulate a path to get there;Curious and passionate about learning and building great products to help us and our partners grow;Team player with excellent collaboration, communication and organization skills;Ability to quickly follow-up on impediments – having a ‘can-do’ attitude;You have at least a bachelor’s degree.Experience with first party advertising technology is a plusWhat you can expect from us:A collaborative, informal, international and playful work environment with self-organized, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams;Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person;Work with cool modern tools;Access to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more);Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups eBay Classifieds Group in trending topics like Machine Learning, AI, DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and others;Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work;What we offer:Dynamic, international teams with very skilled personalities, a real passion for e-commerce, professionalism and a good sense of humour.A competitive salary, outstanding benefits and an excellent working environment.Silicon Valley amenities, such as iPhones and MacBook Pros, crazy high spec dev machines and very nice office facilities.Interested?From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV. For more information, you can contact Radboud Fluttert, RecruitingWe love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e5f8b3afb760621a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2b0fbcfefd046af9&assa=4413,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e5f8b3afb760621a&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
41,waste management,Indeed,p_87525bfc00bbb72b,QA/RA Officer,OMRON HEALTHCARE, Hoofddorp,"Employment typeDefinite contract
LocationHoofddorp, the Netherlands
Seniority levelEntry level
Education levelBachelor degree
OMRON Healthcare Europe is looking for a QA/RA Officer to join our strong European Quality Assurance & Regulatory Affairs department. We offer you the opportunity to be part of our important mission to help realize healthier and comfortable lives for people around the world.
We are looking for an energetic, intelligent and hardworking individual with high integrity and willingness to learn and grow in the medical devices QA/RA domain to join our team. Do you have strong administrative and communication skills and excellent knowledge of the Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)? Would you like to work in a multinational professional environment? Then this might be the job for you!
The QA/RA Officer (position is 0.4 FTE), based in Hoofddorp, The Netherlands, provides administrative support to the QA/RA team with several Quality and Regulatory Affairs tasks and processes which are key for the continuous compliance of the OHE Quality Management System (QMS) with all applicable medical devices standards and regulations. The QA/RA Officer ensures that all reporting schedules are met, and customer satisfaction is achieved. The position proactively coordinates and leads the maintenance of Quality Records, the preparation of Quality documents, such as SoP’s, works descriptions and Forms, as well as the maintenance of the training matrix.
Your Key Activities:
Coordinate the process of reporting of Product waste materials (e.g. packaging, electronic waste, batteries etc.) as required by the WEEE and other related international, European or National Directives.
Monitor, maintain and report quality metrics and key performance indicators related to the OMRON Healthcare QMS and prepare the quality trending reports on a monthly basis.
Assist the QA/RA team with daily work activities, when required, or backup, e.g. authoring and revising Standard Operating Procedures, Work Descriptions and other Quality Documents, maintaining records and the training matrix etc. Participate in post-market surveillance activities when required.
Work directly with cross-functional teams and the OMRON 3rd Party Subcontractors in creating new or revising existing Work Descriptions for Inspection and light assembly activities. Provide training on the work descriptions to the 3rd Party subcontractors and monitor the implementation of trained items.
Participate and provide support during internal and external quality audits.

Desired Skills and Experience
The ideal candidate would have:
Bachelor’s degree
At least 2 years of experience in the QA/RA domain or general business experience
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)
Analytical individual with strong Excel skills
Proficient in the English language, both written and verbal (knowledge of other European languages is also welcome)
Good (interpersonal) communication skills
Basic knowledge of Quality Management systems under ISO 13485 is an advantage
Basic knowledge of the Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC and the new Medical Device Regulation 2017/745 and other Medical device related international standards and regulations is an advantage
Risk management (ISO 14971) knowledge is an advantage",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=87525bfc00bbb72b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6baef17831014f9f&assa=7524,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=87525bfc00bbb72b&fccid=74863a92805aacc3&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
42,waste management,Indeed,p_366f510f58b8598f,Technical Program Manager - Accommodations - Data Platform,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"It wasn’t so long ago that booking a trip to see the Eiffel Tower, stroll down New York’s iconic Madison Avenue or feel the sand between our toes on Copacabana Beach was simply a matter of a few taps on our smartphone. In fact, that’s what we do at Booking.com. We make it easier for everyone to experience the world. And while that world might feel a little farther away right now, we’re busy preparing for when the world is ready to travel once more. Across our offices worldwide, we continue to innovate. To solve for some of the most complex challenges in travel and technology, and to plan for the exciting developments that lie ahead. With strategic long-term investments into what we believe the future of travel can be, we are opening up new career opportunities that will have a strong impact on our mission. We are united in the belief that our very human desire to explore the planet’s beauty and discover more about other people and cultures will endure. The world is waiting for us. Together, we will be ready.

With over 1.6 million room nights booked every day, accommodation represents the largest share of our business to date. We are responsible for accommodation growth, with clear ownership of all marketing, product and supply related to accommodations. Our mission is to deliver the best customer experience and most varied selection of properties.

The Data Platform team contributes to our Tech Modernization efforts in Accommodations, by developing a set of services to manage the property description datasets. We are seeking a sharp, talented and energetic Technical Program Manager to help build out a set of data services that manage the property description datasets and drive the adoption of the services across the business.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, and will have a deep technical background in product development and service oriented architecture.

.

B.responsible

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive
B.Skilled

Computer Science / Engineering Bachelor’s degree or related technical field
3-5 years minimum relevant work experience, including technical program management experience
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; Datadriven andresults-oriented
Knowledge of: service-oriented architecture, product development (including Java), agile project management, release schedules.
A proven track record of leading a visionary strategy to deliver global, company-wide platform services at enterprise large scale

B.Offered

Living and working in Amsterdam, one of the most cosmopolitan cities in Europe
Contributing to a high scale, complex, world renowned product and seeing real-time impact of your work on millions of travellers worldwide
Working in a fast-paced and performance driven culture
Opportunity to utilize technical expertise, leadership capabilities and entrepreneurial spirit
Promote and drive impactful and innovative engineering solutions
Technical, behavioural and interpersonal competence advancement via on-the-job opportunities, experimental projects, hackathons, conferences and active community participation
Competitive compensation and benefits package and some great added perks of working in the home city of Booking.com

Booking.com is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. We strive to move well beyond traditional equal opportunity and work to create an environment that allows everyone to thrive.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=366f510f58b8598f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=97ec5341f1482277&assa=188,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=366f510f58b8598f&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
43,waste management,Indeed,p_ec65ca1ea5838243,Master Planner,Argent Energy Netherlands, Amsterdam Westpoort,"As a Master Planner at Argent Energy you work in an industrial B2B environment and you are part of an international Supply Chain team. The main purpose of the role is:

Anticipate, monitor, and maintain inventory levels across all production units and storage locations on mid/long term. Ensuring the efficient utilisation of resources across the Supply Chain, both internally and externally. Advising on strategic planning and provide excellent customer service to all stakeholders, ensuring that customer requirements are met. Accurately maintain data across all systems. Provide accurate, timely reporting. Support the developing use of Oracle within the business.

About the Job

Prepare mid/long term planning for all sites within the group in a strategic manner aligned with the commercial team.
Prepare and publish forecasting, delivery and production schedules across all sites, balancing customer demand with capacity restrictions.
Liaise with local supply chain planners on plans and support execution on local operations sites.
Planning and prioritizing operations to optimise performance.
Collaborate and effectively communicate within the Supply Chain to make key decisions and prioritise supply issues in a timely, cost effective manner.

About us


Argent Energy offers a solution for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and makes new natural raw materials and thus limits the use of fossil fuels. Upcycling natural raw materials such as frying fat and animal fats limits the use of fossil fuels. By producing biofuel, Argent Energy makes a direct contribution to climate change! Argent Energy has been part of the Swire Group since November 2018. John Swire & Sons Ltd. stems from a family business founded in 1816, which in 200 years has grown into a global company with various interests in aviation, maritime, food, trading and industry.

About you

Highly organised with an attention to detail and analytical approach.

To communicate in a clear, concise and timely manner to all key contacts.
To take appropriate and timely decisions that complement our customer’s requirements
Ability to multitask, prioritising tasks where appropriate.
Ability to work independently under pressure to meet deadlines, in a fast-paced environment.
Proactive and positive approach in the workplace.
Resilient attitude and a strong desire to learn.
Must have excellent written and oral communication skills.
Innovative thought process/out of the box thinker

Other qualifications :

HBO level (supply chain management).
Supply Chain experience gained in a manufacturing or FMCG environment.
Experience of working with Oracle or ERP systems.
Experience in Inventory management.
Experience of creating production plans
Experience of forecasting or demand management
Experience of using excel to advanced level.


What do we Offer?

Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A social and dynamic working environment within a transparent organization with ample training opportunities;
More than 300 committed colleagues who use their experience and knowledge in the field of recycling organic residual flows, to minimize the burden and waste of the global scarcity of raw materials.

What's Next?

Apply now via “respond to this vacancy”. To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our careers website. Applications via e-mail will not be considered in this context.


Questions?

Please contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone on 020-2192930.

Acquisition in response to this vacancy is not appreciated.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec65ca1ea5838243&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c069fbb56dc19caa&assa=1166,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ec65ca1ea5838243&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
44,waste management,Indeed,p_236345715f6cfdfd,Digital Marketing & Communications Officer,Coperatieve Circle Economy UA, Amsterdam Oost,"About Circle Economy

At Circle Economy, we believe it is time for a new economic approach: the circular economy. Circle Economy is a social enterprise with an international team that supports businesses, cities and policymakers to find practical and scalable solutions to accelerate the adoption of the circular economy. We are growing rapidly both in the Netherlands and around the world through strategic partnerships with governments, cities, and businesses.
Circle Economy has dedicated programmes for cities, textiles, the built environment, finance, and circular design and have partnered on projects in many sectors such as agrifood, mobility, construction, healthcare, insurance, and waste. Circle Economy also conducts trailblazing research on topics such as climate change, circular jobs creation, and societal impact of the circular economy. Marketing and communications play a pivotal role within the organisation to inspire and teach businesses and governments around the world. Over the years Circle Economy has contributed to the growing community of circular economy frontrunners.


About the role

The Communications Team is responsible to 1) ensure visibility and increase the brand awareness of Circle Economy to a global relevant audience of businesses and governments on city and national levels and 2) ensure that relevant, inspirational, and engaging knowledge and information is distributed and contributes to accelerating the global adoption of the circular economy.

Within the Communications Team, you are responsible to support the development of inspirational and engaging content advocating the circular economy. You understand the power of digital communications and the importance of making research more accessible to facilitate knowledge-sharing. You are able to effectively translate complex ideas into engaging and attractive digital content, from short social media videos to audio tidbits and infographics.
You will report to the Communications Manager, work closely with the Communications and Design teams as well as our internal Business Units to transform learnings and knowledge into highly engaging and inspirational visual content for all our channels.



Who you are

You are an energetic self-starter, able to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment, and are a great team player. You can make decisions independently while at the same time ensuring alignment with internal and external stakeholders. You are an expert on digital communications and love to stay on top of recent developments and innovation within your field and have an interest and passion for the circular economy or the field of sustainability. When searching for content, you understand how to separate the wheat from the chaff and are able to translate highly complex topics and information into easy-to-digest and activating digital content for a specific target audience. You are eager to learn, are not afraid to experiment and implement changes when needed.

Key Responsibilities and Duties
1) Marketing and Communications
Support the development of communications and marketing materials for Circle Economy’s core offerings.
Coordinating and creating standardised templates for marketing materials (e.g. presentations, boilerplates, communications kit etc.), working closely with our design team to ensure adherence to visual guidelines
Developing new formats to disseminate Circle Economy content, from interactive essays and videos to podcast, Instagram stories and new webinar concepts
Assisting with the production of all content, from concept to distribution

2) Website management

Lead on the implementation of structural improvements to the website to keep in line with industry standards in collaboration with our in-house Design team,
support regular website content updates in collaboration with the Communications team and assisting other content editors to make relevant updates, as needed
Coordinate development work with external developers

3) Analytics and Tracking

Improve overall analytics and tracking of Circle Economy’s audience and marketing efforts, from SEO and SEA to social media analytics, in order to improve and optimise,
regularly reporting on analytics from our communications channels to inform our digital content strategy, including social media engagement and website traffic and conversions.
Keeping the communications analytics dashboard up to date and evolving it over time to provide new insights, as needed
Setting up Google Analytics events and conversion goals as needed to provide insights on launch campaigns

4) Project Communications
Support the communications team in developing communication materials for specific projects and thematic areas,
support the communications and design team with translating existing research and insights as well as new project results and findings into digital content, including: social media posts, webinars, videos, infographics, presentations and websites,
introduce new concepts to translate our research into engaging online formats and coordinating the content creation across business units.
Skills and Competencies

Essential

Bachelor or Master's degree in communications, marketing or business-related field
(Near) native English copywriting skills and a good eye for design
Minimum of 6 years experience in marketing communications, preferably in sustainability or social/environmental impact driven sector
You have proven experience developing and maintaining communications and marketing materials and online content
Strong business analytics, relationship management, strategy development, project management, problem-solving and change management skills
Experience working with CMS systems and website management
Experience working with Google Analytics, Social Media Analytics, SEO
The ability to adhere to deadlines and work within constraints
Project management skills in order to keep track of external and internal budgets
The ability to think outside the box to offer new solutions
Being proactive and autonomous
Desired
Excellent communicator with the ability to influence and persuade across all levels of the organisation.
Experience working with the Adobe Creative Suite, digital and/or print design
An affinity with the topics of sustainability and the circular economy
Experience working with Canva, Asana
Basic familiarity with Dutch is a plus",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=236345715f6cfdfd&fccid=7374bef6097c4e07&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
45,waste management,Indeed,p_11f52c9cc1d26701,Senior Social Media Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller is a much loved, social & inclusive brand and this has been rewarded by being voted by our Shero's as No 1 lingerie brand in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Spain. Our vision is to make Hunkemöller the first choice for women in Europe with our whole focus being on designing our vision and strategy around our Shero. Building a brand that is truly social is a key part of our current and future strategy. We fully embrace social media when engaging with our Shero, our Marketing team is here the key driver.
As Senior Social Media Coordinator will support the team with the following:
Manage the execution of social media strategies, and the planning and execution of successful social media campaigns. Oversee day-to-day execution of campaigns and ensure brand consistency in content, copy, tone of voice and relevancy, to drive the social media KPIs
Grow and expand Hunkemoller social media presence into new social media platforms; increase presence on existing platforms including but not limited to Facebook, TikTok, Twitter, and Instagram. Create actionable plans to both grow and maintain followers through key social media platforms
Supervise all aspects of social media interaction between customers and the company and ensure a positive customer engagement and customer service experience. Monitor the social channels through Meltwater and other tools and work closely with customer service to effectively manage community engagement
Ensure progress on all platforms by using relevant analytical tools such as Google Analytics and others.
Oversee the creating and implementation of the monthly editorial calendar which includes monthly KPIs objectives and key initiatives
Keep up with the latest trends on social media and within the influencer community
Ensure social media KPI's are met each financial period
Collaborate closely with our creative, PR, buying and merchandising teams for rapid and seamless execution
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Relevant experience determining a target audience and how to cater unique marketing campaigns to capture their attention
Strong understanding of marketing strategy and how to effortlessly utilize these concepts throughout various forms of outreach
Ability to manage and supervise a diverse group of employees and simultaneously work toward many company initiatives at once
Proven track record of successfully executing online marketing strategies and in growing social media channels
Good knowledge about the social media landscape (especially Facebook and Instagram; Others are a pre) and expertise in managing and growing social media platforms
Ability to analyze and advise on creative content ideas
Experience with social listening, social advertising and community management tools
Ability to grasp future trends in digital technologies and act proactively
Excellent communication, writing and language skills; fluent in English (other languages are pre)
Multitasking, able to handle stress and strong analytical skills (experience with Google Analytics is a pre)
Commercially and creatively minded
Process driven and demonstrate an ability to deliver in a timely manor
Energetic, enthusiastic, proactive and driven
Bachelor, HBO or Masters degree in (online) marketing/communications
3-5 years of social media management experience
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link to your social media channels. In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=11f52c9cc1d26701&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31646b021f1dfa8e&assa=6047,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=11f52c9cc1d26701&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
46,waste management,Indeed,p_7b07413ed2c56224,Creative Strategist & Copywriting Manager,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Creative Strategist & Copywriting Manager, you will be responsible for developing and executing creative digital concepts, campaigns and copywriting. You are skilled and experienced within the digital environment, understand the different channels and touchpoints and are able to craft and plan 360 creative campaigns. With your team of copywriters (currently 1 Digital Content Specialist) and in collaboration with the rest of the brand team, you will ensure creative excellence, consistency of tone of voice and effective copywriting for all channels according to brand guidelines, big idea, campaign concepts and business objectives. Your role is to create campaigns and content that deeply connects with our audience and to constantly find new ways to engage and delight our “Fit” community. You will challenge perceptions, educate and inspire our audience to turn Body&Fit into a love brand and a community that everyone wants to be a part of.
The ideal candidate is a skilled copywriter, a creative mind and a visionary strategist. You are a gifted storyteller, with the ability to concept creative ideas with brand objectives and target consumer in mind. You are incredibly creative and have an appetite for learning and thinking outside the box.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Accountable for copywriting, concepting and campaign development/planning

Write/Lead development of appealing copy/campaigns that attracts, inspires and engages our consumers throughout their entire fit journey by helping them achieve their goal and ambitions through fitness and nutrition
Lead creative brainstorms to develop campaigns that will propel the Body&Fit brand among our target audience and place us as a loved brand
Outline campaigns across channels in collaboration with the different channel managers
Develop content and propositions that help educate consumers about sports nutrition, usage of products and purpose of our brand
Be a catalyst for growth by showing the power that creativity, inspirational campaigns and content can have on business success
Work closely with the design team to align visual direction and tone of voice as one consistent and strong brand direction
Develop a process and alignment for content input with nutritionists and product teams
Partner with trade and performance to develop a structured and clear way of tracking and measuring impact
Work closely with consumer research for insights
Navigate short deadlines and feasibility of ideas
Manage and develop the content team

What you will bring to Body & Fit:

A minimum of 4 to 7 years’ experience preferably in creative agencies focused on campaign development and creative copy

A skilled copywriter with strong experience in the digital space
Strong understanding of the different channels, the role they play and how to best develop the right copy specifically designed for each
Experience in working with insights to craft ideas starting from deep insights, human truths and consumer research
An individual with business acumen with understanding of business priorities and how to develop campaigns with a clear business goal
Experience in working for a global brand across multiple markets with localised content
Experience with tracking and measuring impact of copy/content/creative campaigns
Fluency in English

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!


Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=7b07413ed2c56224&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0710a7737d76578f&assa=8815,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7b07413ed2c56224&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
47,waste management,Indeed,p_a3c35d47e10d47a2,Group Technical Program Manager - Payments,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Booking’s Payments organization is seeking a sharp, talented and energetic Senior Technical Program Manager to build a Payments platform that delivers against an ambitious roadmap of business objectives.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, and will have a deep technical background in e-commerce, Payments architecture and billing systems development. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and help drive change.

As a Group TPM, your core responsibility would be to support growth and development of Technical Program Managers as they drive planning, prioritization and program execution to ensure high availability of our Payments organization. An ability to take large, complex projects and break them down into manageable pieces, develop functional specifications, then deliver them in a successful and timely manner is expected. We are looking for entrepreneurial, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems. Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence, analytical talent, and leadership are essential to success in this role.

Knowledge of the following is required service-oriented architecture, product development, build processes, agile project management, release schedules.

Responsibilities

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
Plan and manage multiple parallel projects
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints, and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive

Qualifications

Computer Science / Engineering Bachelor’s degree or related technical field
10+ years relevant work experience, including technical program management experience in Financial Technology firms or Payments technology divisions
3+ years of experience as a People Manager
Experience managing an organization of program managers, including building and growing the team
Experience moving technical or engineering programs or products from inception to delivery, and experience articulating the impact using metrics, growth examples, return, etc
Experience structuring an organization that optimizes for execution, including attracting talent and building out gaps in the existing team
Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products
Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.
Experience establishing work relationships across multi-disciplinary teams and multiple partners in different time zones",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a3c35d47e10d47a2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c3289fd4ca330b0d&assa=9410,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a3c35d47e10d47a2&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
48,waste management,Indeed,p_b33ff941e630aa97,SHE Manager,XDES, Amsterdam,"Functie

As SHE Manager you must have excellent attention to detail to identify hazards. You will also be able to discover opportunities for improving conditions and execute various safety programs. The ability to communicate guidelines to a multidisciplinary & multi-cultural workforce is essential. The goal is to ensure the workplace meets all legal expectations and actively supports occupational health and safety.

Functie eisen

Minimum 5 years’ experience in industrial / chemical plant SHE operations

Health and Safety Diploma or Degree is essential.

Experience of ISO 9001 / 14001 and OHSAS 18001.

Experience communicating with local authorities (HSE, EA, etc).

Excellent skills in accident investigations / reporting essential

Outstanding attention to detail and observation ability

Deep understanding of legal health and safety guidelines

Accustomed to producing reports, recording KPIs and developing relevant policies

Excellent knowledge of data analysis and risk assessment

Experience of waste legislation and reporting.

Experience of a large scale chemical process plant.

Strong team player and a strong work ethic

Aanbod

An important function at a leeding company.

Sollicitatie Procedure

Contactpersoon voor deze functie is Lilian van Son, bereikbaar op telefoonnummer 023 55 78 529 of via e-mail: lilian@xdes.nl Kenmerk: 9143.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b33ff941e630aa97&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=489643efeb4bc33e&assa=371,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b33ff941e630aa97&fccid=4e6a24aa81c1b23d&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
49,waste management,Indeed,p_551bafc62e493ed7,Food Technologist Intern,Healthy and Affordable, Amsterdam,"About us: We are a social business catalysing sustainable environmental and social impact actions in our society, through multiple projects and collaborations. Sapient Social & Environmental Enterprises was established in 2016 and consists of a team of bright, young inspired individuals, from across the globe who dedicate themselves to stop food waste, renew democracy, provide local green energy solutions, and help other social businesses in their path to positive impact.All skills;Good communication and organizational skillsExcellent English speaking and writing skillsAction-oriented, proactive attitude and critical thinkingLove for an international, challenging and social environment.About the Project: Healthy and Affordable is our food surplus project. We save food from markets, sort it, cut it, dehydrate it, pack it and sell it on various platforms. The team works hard to impact and to involve as many people & organizations as possible, thus, there are many exciting daily tasks and we are open to new suggestions to improve processes as well. Anyone who is ready to come to Amsterdam and would like to have a more in-depth understanding of social business, social & environmental impact, and participating in a dynamic, proactive and young environment are welcome to apply for this internship.Your tasks will include:Discuss and advise product development and shelf life (previous product development experience is a plus!)Collect food surplus from various markets in AmsterdamSampling / testing finished goods for customs purposes.Develop recipes for new products: source new ingredients, play with product development, formulas, and testing.Actively suggest the idea for improving current products with regard to both cost and quality.Ensure all product labels comply with EU legislation, government guidelines and Company policies.Execute the total quality management plan, including food safety.Do you fit our profile?Majoring (or has majored) in Food Science, Nutrition, Chemistry or related field,Good communication skills,Excellent English speaking and writing skills, speaking dutch is an advantage,Comfortable working in a dynamic organization, with various functional disciplines,Ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with peers and colleagues across the organization, as well as with internal and external clients,Qualified to develop recipes for new products: source new ingredients, play with formulas, and testing,Enjoys working in an international, challenging and social environment.What we offerThis is a non-paid internship. So what's in it for you?- A more in-depth understanding of social business and its social & environmental impact,- The opportunity to participate in a dynamic, proactive and young environment,- Autonomy and flexible working hours,- The power to make a difference,- The opportunity to acquire new skills, learn and grow,Amazing colleagues.Internship Details: Currently we are looking for a new intern to join us from mid-March for a minimum of 3 months.The internship is unpaid, however you can choose the duration that suits you best (minimum of three months). Also you can choose your own working hours as full-time or part-time as long as you strictly follow the program you set for yourself.About the team: Our interns are called Padawans who are highly motivated to make the world a better place. The Sapient team consists of people who are team oriented, goal driven, proactive, independent and open-minded. We work both in teams and individually. So, we are looking for like-minded people to join our team.To keep the team spirit during the Corona times, we have team meetings at least once a week and once a month we organize Sapient Days with fun activities both online and offline in order to welcome new Padawans and to strengthen our sense of belonging.Contact informationIf this sounds appealing to you please send your CV and motivation letter to our email address (all documents must be in English). Make sure to include “Internship Application (position) MM.YY - MM.YY)” in the subject header with the position you are applying for and your dates of availability. We look forward to hearing from you!If you are applying from outside the EU and you do not have a working visa, please ensure that you sort out how you plan to arrange your stay in the Netherlands. We do not offer any assistance regarding visas and permits.Please, be aware that we review applications as we receive them. Therefore, we strongly suggest applying early to maximize your chances.Verwachte startdatum: 15-3-2021Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, InternshipWork Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Food-Technologist-Intern-551bafc62e493ed7?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
50,waste management,Indeed,p_bab3fcf204a925a7,Head of Technology at STITCH,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team – STITCH
STITCH (stitch3d.com) is a Software as a Service (SaaS) startup on the journey to launching a commercial product. We’re on a mission to provide a 3D workflow that inspires fashion brands to spend more time on product while removing waste. We do this through our HUB digital asset library, STITCH Academy education platform, & Transformation services.
Pushing this vision is a close-knit, multicultural mix of people with experiences ranging from pure fashion business to infrastructure coding. Our product is constantly evolving. Nonetheless, here is a run-down of our latest tech setup:
Backend and asynchronous pipelines: Python and Django with Celery
Frontend: Vue, Konva, Jest
Infrastructure: AWS built with Terraform, deployed in containers on ECS and EC2s, frontends hosted with Cloudfront, all managed with CI/CD pipelines built with CircleCI
Process: Project-based work in a cross-functional team, led by product management
The Role & Key Responsibilities:
Translates the company’s commercial & product ambitions into the technology strategy and roadmap. Keeping a sharp eye on any technical risks that can affect the company’s goals.
Evangelises the possibilities of technology to unlock surprising solutions for our customers’ and users’ needs. Collaborate as one team with the Head of Product.
Challenges our talented engineering team to develop high-performing, reliable, secure and - most importantly - scalable solutions.
Always keeps an eye out for opportunities externally that could help achieve STITCH’s goals. Whether it’s experimenting with new technologies, levering your network in search of potential partnerships or uncovering new technology talent.
Sets the engineering principles; championing engineering best practices and driving the STITCH engineering culture. The aim is to ensure a good balance between code quality, the team’s productivity and long term stability/scalability of the product.
Defines the long-term tech talent strategy for STITCH. Team organization, recruitment and talent management are the important aspects of the role. You will be responsible for evolving the team’s organizational structure, driving high performance, collaboration and stimulating our engineers’ professional growth.
Is a member of the STITCH leadership team and will proactively contribute to the short- and long-term plans & vision for STITCH.
In short; this role sets the overall long-term technology direction while always leaving ample room for the engineers to contribute and grow. What do you think?
The Ideal Candidate:
You are a technologist at heart. You’re passionate about the space and can leverage this passion to motivate your team.
You have experience with both product development as well as system design.
You’re able to balance strategy with a hands-on approach, always willing to step up (hands on keyboard) when times require.
Strategic thinking and strong communication skills are essential for this role. You are able to translate the company strategy into a compelling story for the engineering team to rally them around STITCH’s mission. You’re also able to represent the voice of engineering with internal and external stakeholders.
You have a solid understanding of all disciplines of software development, which you use to constructively challenge the team to get better.
You understand how engineering impacts the bottom line of the company and are able to leverage financial metrics to drive improvement initiatives.
You have at least 2 years experience leading and scaling an engineering team. We are looking for a real team builder, someone who is highly collaborative, who gives constructive feedback and is always looking for ways to help the engineering team grow and learn.
Being a start-up, it’s critical that you are able to think on your feet, think in solutions (current and future) and are pragmatic by nature.
You’re excited by the challenge of taking on a successful product and maturing it into a commercial SAAS solution.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=bab3fcf204a925a7&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=18a8c6ab3c26540e&assa=2214,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bab3fcf204a925a7&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,5 dagen geleden,5 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
51,waste management,Indeed,pj_746ec93f45740d59,Utilities Industry group Consultant / Manager,Accenture, Amsterdam,"Do you have consulting and/or industry experience in the Utilities industry and are you looking for a next step in your career? Do you have strong analytical skills and are you interested in helping our client’s transition to the new energy landscape? In that case the position of Consultant/Manager will be the challenge you are looking for!

Your job
At Accenture Strategy & Consulting you find solutions on the intersection of business and technology. You offer insights and advice to the customer and support them creating and executing the business strategy. Also, you think about their most important questions and initiatives, such as digital disruption, industry convergence, growth and innovation, operating models, sustainable cost management, business transformations and more. You will be orchestrating expertise from across Accenture — strategy, consulting, interactive, technology and operations, and have the ambition to continuously develop your market relevant knowledge, your advisory and commercial skills, and are expected and challenged to do so.

With our Utilities practice we provide functional and industry consulting services to Utilities companies. We are industry experts with the insights and capabilities to transform leading Utilities organizations and help them navigate ever-changing landscape they operate in.

As Consultant/Manager you will be part of the Utilities Industry Practice. With this practice we help large clients in Generation, Transmission & Distribution, Energy Retail, E-mobility infrastructure and Water & Waste. You help our clients with a broad range of services such as (digital) strategies, process-led transformations and post-merger integrations. You will act as project manager and/or workstream lead and serve as a linking pin to the project responsible at the client side. You will lead with insight: use of advanced analytics and human-centric design to co-create and implement technology-enabled, disruptive strategies and solutions that win competitive advantage, unlock value and drive growth for clients. You have the ambition to continuously develop your market relevant knowledge, your advisory and commercial skills, and are expected and challenged to do so.

Your team
The everchanging pace of market developments will only continue to accelerate in the future – and many organizations struggle to challenge new innovative competition within the market. How do different innovations influence the market, what are the results and how can companies adapt themselves to remain agile in the future?

Accenture Strategy & Consulting is the driving force in helping companies answer such questions. You will advise C-level management in their strategic blueprints – based on data analysis, experience, expertise and an innovative approach. Together with a diverse team of experts, you will challenge current industry obstacles and find the key solution for clients in their current markets: Surpassing the disruption through our end-to-end services, consolidating future success for organizations.

Your background
Completed Master's degree program in a technical, business or economic direction;
3-7 years of consulting experience and/or relevant industry experience in Energy or Utilities Industry;
Experience and interest in the energy transition
Affinity with technology and digitalization
Excellent communication skills in Dutch and English;
You have excellent quantitative and analytical skills;
You are a hard worker and able to work independently;
You are a team player with a “can-do” mentality who can think outside the box

For manager level, the following additional qualifications are preferred:
Experience in sales and proposal development;
Experience in leading small teams.

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we take an agile approach, provide end-to-end services and maintain a realistic mindset. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.
Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:
A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.
Questions? Connect with Inge Neuteboom through inge.neuteboom@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=746ec93f45740d59&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfhtGau8gozlLWe-A81lo91CtQtQ9VIAWg1sdwE4grGbs&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExpR6tl8wq4k1b7VK_HuBB4i2KdJc4Sz2v3QyuLyi9hnBNl4hQx44pZgwYAFxSk7BL05FAclL6adkM0K3epx3nN4E6T7l1OEAVpiTrEsLSrEsyIB4xXG0M6zqcKmSxrsEJXSV69qodbPASKlm7fhBPal8PQm5OodQRmx9CGO6YY5DVsXVuKw1edd11ZE7Sci1hJ4wwiJFqN-3njQ34xTNV2RkvDm3NMtZhwhe026XqVYgbf9APV0k1sPbly-Mx2gmaXOejTtIBCmxouH4zgZ6z4zjwtFdqwCrsuoLJjVP5m07GIZlJwxQHvjV82j9dNIdH_DVAsWFHg2UDXUlOVU8kNYjNLtd-Dy2qo5OXlRW31ahJOpEiJyA0MnRz5ZGpMWvV6ecoz52rfCuWaPJrqIm_3t&astse=aac9d80ead935034&assa=5996,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExpR6tl8wq4k1b7VK_HuBB4i2KdJc4Sz2v3QyuLyi9hnBNl4hQx44pZgwYAFxSk7BL05FAclL6adkM0K3epx3nN4E6T7l1OEAVpiTrEsLSrEsyIB4xXG0M6zqcKmSxrsEJXSV69qodbPASKlm7fhBPal8PQm5OodQRmx9CGO6YY5DVsXVuKw1edd11ZE7Sci1hJ4wwiJFqN-3njQ34xTNV2RkvDm3NMtZhwhe026XqVYgbf9APV0k1sPbly-Mx2gmaXOejTtIBCmxouH4zgZ6z4zjwtFdqwCrsuoLJjVP5m07GIZlJwxQHvjV82j9dNIdH_DVAsWFHg2UDXUlOVU8kNYjNLtd-Dy2qo5OXlRW31ahJOpEiJyA0MnRz5ZGpMWvV6ecoz52rfCuWaPJrqIm_3t&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
52,waste management,Indeed,p_fc536416856acd3f,"Analytics&Insights Lead, Global Trust&CX",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
About the team
Trust & Customer Experience is eCG Global operations team working across different platforms (Marktplaats, Gumtree, Kijiji and more) in 6+ countries. We’re responsible for Trust and Safety, Customer Support, and we’re the voice of the customer for the local and global teams. As Analytics & Insights Lead you’ll be a trusted partner with a global impact, generating high-value analytical insights and driving metrics definition and reporting.
Every day you will work closely with a team of experienced Data analysts and Data scientists focusing on multiple Product, Users and Experimentation related questions. Join us!
ResponsibilitiesBuild subject matter expertise on Trust and Safety and Customer Experience with data informed insights.Proactively discuss learning opportunities with our partners, leading to research projects and eventually resulting in insights delivery to enhance our users understanding and increase Trust CX initiatives relevance and efficiency.Influence Trust & CX Strategy identifying both global and markets specific trendsAnswer complex questions via ad-hoc SQL queries to enable critical decision makingDefine, instrument, and maintain new and existing Trust & CX metrics.Explore new ways to measure and communicate the impact of trust & customer service contacts on business.Build and maintain key Trust & CX dashboards in partnership with global areas or local teams: comfortable in translating operational metrics into dashboards.Ensure data integrity and work with global teams to alert of inconsistencies or address missing data enablers.
Preferred Qualifications:
Education:BA/BS in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field)
Experience:5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions: work experience in Product Analytics, Business Intelligence, Sales/Finance Analytics, and/or Strategy consulting.Professional experience in a global organization, preferably in digital native business.
Technical skills:Proficiency in at least one data querying language, preferably SQL, Hive or Hadoop.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Familiar with Tableau, sophisticated spreadsheet and presentation software skills.Experience building intuitive and impactful dashboards and data visualizations.Experience with analytics/data science tool is a plus (for example R or Python).
Soft skills:Strong communication skills and a strategic problem solver with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skillsComfortable with ambiguity and defining business requirements related to large scale data warehousing projects.
- Stakeholder management skills - ability to build consensus by clearly communicating and presenting information.People oriented! Eager to build positive and productive relationships with international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fc536416856acd3f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3279ec112e030ed4&assa=8043,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fc536416856acd3f&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
53,waste management,Indeed,p_fd2c72b3d63f88a1,Senior Manager People Systems,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"The Senior Manager People Systems is End-to-End accountable for all the People Systems both at global as well as regional and local level. In this role you will ensure strategic alignment with our stakeholders within the People department and elsewhere within the organisation leveraging principles around Product Management, User Centricity and Design thinking to optimise an integrated E2E user journey around the total Employee life cycle.
The Senior Manager People Systems is responsible for an integrated, standardised and simple people systems landscape where we adopt as much as possible ‘out of the box’ technology solutions from our preferred vendors (first and foremost Workday). Leveraging practices around Operational Excellence and Offshoring, he/she ensures a maximum return on investments at best costs. The Senior Manager People Systems works closely with peers within the People department as well as with partners from other functional teams (IT Services, Procurement, Finance) to ensure our technology landscape, plans and practices are fully aligned and integrated with the overall Booking.com practices and standards.

Responsibilities

Strategy

Drives the overall strategy for all People related systems and ensures this is aligned and is supporting the overall People department strategy and plans. Ensure technology is leveraged to support the most effective People Service delivery model combining self services with state of the art technologies around digital assistants, knowledge base and case management tools.
Ensures that specific local and regional technology requirements are identified, prioritised, planned and executed as per agreed plans.
Ensures People systems strategy is aligned with other, non People related plans and priorities e.g. IT Services, Finance, Procurement, R&C.
Ensures End-to-End execution of agreed strategy and plans within budget.

Stakeholder Management

Is a partner to the business and works closely with senior managers and their teams within the People department (COE’s, Operations, HRA). As such, acts as a bridge between the Business/functional and the technology teams and ensures that understandable language is used to translate business/functional requirements into technology plans
Works closely with peers within the overall systems/technology environment to ensure the People systems plans are aligned and embedded into the overall technology plans and that IT (Security) standards are met and adhered to.
Ensures clear governance around communication applying the Single Point of Contact (SPOC) principle in order for the stakeholders we work with, clear communication and escalation channels.
Putting the End user at the centre of the People systems and technology design, ensures finding the right balance between the needs of the various stakeholders

Program and Project Management

Ensures that key technology and system investments are properly managed in line with Booking.com project management practices and standards.
Builds capabilities within the team on project and program management to ensure flawless execution of agreed programs and projects.

Operational Excellence

Ensures that the People systems team adopts the highest standards of Operational Excellence and has skills and capabilities to identify issues, address root causes, eliminates waste and drives continuous improvement
Is accountable for the overall RUN/Sustain strategy for the People Systems team to ensure potential issues are addressed within time in line with the agreed SLA’s. Ensures where appropriate that this is aligned with the overall IT Services support model.
Leverages offshore model where possible to minimise non value added work and associated costs.

Budget management

Is accountable for the total budget for People Systems and as such works closely with the Finance team to ensure budget/financial best practices and standards are met.
Ensures that all significant People systems projects and related investments are supported by solid business cases as per agreed standards, templates and timelines

Risk & Control

Ensures the Booking.com Risk and Control standards and practices are adhered to and that the people systems are meeting all related standards (Soxx, SOD)
Works closely with the legal team to ensure that we are compliant against Data privacy legislation (GDPR) and that the data of our candidates and employees is safe with us.

Vendor Management

Is overall accountable for the People Systems landscape and as such also accountable for managing the partnerships with our main technology vendors (Workday).
Works closely with the Procurement team to ensure the People systems team operates in line with agreed Procurement practices and thus ensuring maximum return of investment.
Through networking with other customers, ensures that technology roadmaps of our vendors are influenced to meet our long term technology and systems needs.

People Management

Is responsible for the various teams within the People Systems team: Architecture & integration, Application Management and Technology solutions.
Ensures regional People systems experts presence in APAC (Singapore) and the Americas (Grand rapids)
Provides direction and guidance on key practices around ways of working: E2E thinking, Product Management, Design Thinking, Offshore management, Project Management, SPOC concept
Ensures the right mix of people leveraging our locations, managing our costs and maximizing our partnerships with our technology vendors and our managed services partners.

Requirements

Very strategic: think 3-5 years ahead, understands dependencies
Strong stakeholder management skills operating at ELT level across multiple functions
Strong budget management skills and capabilities to ensure right level of investments and ensure agreed investments are managed properly
Strong People management skills leading a (growing) big team across 4 continents with potentially also a big offshore team.
Strong innovator. Curious in what technology can do to drive a more effective and costs efficient HR function",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fd2c72b3d63f88a1&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=de4df4f5adabad92&assa=9698,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fd2c72b3d63f88a1&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
54,waste management,Indeed,p_77a13eb23b9923f2,Head of Sales,Nobel Recruitment, Amsterdam,"Are you looking for a sales management position within a high potential, start-up environment? Then you should check out this opportunity!

The opportunity
The new economy and changing consumer behaviour is changing the way retailers and brands are managing their products and inventory. Lots of profit is being burned because of inefficiencies in the supply chain, inventories and (online) stores.

This startup is solving these problems by providing a innovative, data-driven platform and is actually contributing to a world with less waste of consumer goods!
With a team of only 10 FTE, they have already been able to close Enterprises such as Levi's and Under Armour. They have a great reputation in Europe and demand for their state-of-the-art solution is growing rapidly.
Therefor, the phase of founder led sales is coming to an end, and it is time for a great Head of Sales to step in and lead this promising company through the next growth phase.

Your profile
At least 5-10 years of sales experience (SaaS)Hands-on mentality (deal closing) and strategic/tactical skillsBachelor and/or Master degree

The offer
Salary up/to €90k base + secondary benefitsMaking a serious impact on this company's growth trajectoryReporting directly into CEO

Next steps
Are you excited to learn more, or would you like to apply straight away? Then I encourage you to either email/call me or hit ""apply now""!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=77a13eb23b9923f2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=f466b2ffb31fc6de&assa=503,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=77a13eb23b9923f2&fccid=4da65fba5d6c0229&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
55,waste management,Indeed,p_df9c8637f4ff7968,Project Engineer (civil),Argent Energy Netherlands, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands.
With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! Argent Energy has been part of the Swire Group since November 2018. John Swire & Sons Ltd. stems from a family business founded in 1816, which has grown in 200 years into a global company with various participations in aviation, maritime, food, trading and industry.
We set ourselves the goal of expanding our production in our plant in Amsterdam. To achieve this, we want to expand our project team with a:

Project Engineer (civil) | full time

Location: Amsterdam
As Project Engineer at Argent Energy will be responsible for the site infrastructure designs including, site layouts, road layouts, site logistics, drainage designs, cut and fill assessments, electrical ducting infrastructure and drawings to relevant standards.

You will be an active player in all stages of our project from basic design to construction completion and have the opportunity to work with multi-disciplinary sub-contractors. You will be working as a part of a project team, but we expect you to be able to work independently and be responsible for your own work both quality and accuracy point of view.

Your responsibility will be to checking and monitoring engineering offices, sub-contractors, field technicians and field installation works.

The Department

The Project Team is responsible for the realisation of the complete project. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements

You recognize yourself in the following competencies: highly organised with attention to details, ambitious, quality-conscious, multi-tasking, resilient attitude, 'out of the box' thinker and a teamplayer. You also bring:

A completed bachelor or master degree in civil engeering, construction or similar with at least 5 years of industrial work experience;
Experience with AutoCad, Cadmatic and AutoCad Plant 3D;
Oil & Gas industry and/or Energy Plants and/or Chemical Plants experience is an advantage;
Experience in working with building companies;
Experience of using excel and Auto Cad to advanced level;
Experience of checking and verifying calculations for concrete foundation, steel structures;
Additional Experience of verifying mechanical process equipment calculations;
Familiar with the relevant NEN and EN norms;
Excellent written and oral communication skills.

What do we Offer?

Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results (max 10% of yearly salary);
Working to an sustainable future with 120 passioned colleagues and lots of room for personal development.
What's next?

Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!

To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.

Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=df9c8637f4ff7968&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=52a4b153f27c7989&assa=2332,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=df9c8637f4ff7968&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,business services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,M,0.42133726647000985,0.5786627335299902,0.35693215339233036,0.6425762045231072,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
56,waste management,Indeed,p_e04d8e91959a5565,Software QA Manager,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our Software QA Manager, you will be accountable to develop and execute exploratory tests and as such validate user stories to ensure product quality of the core e-commerce platform “Hybris” to support the development of Body&Fit propositions. The aim of the QA manager should be to deliver new functionality to the business without any issues that impact the business as a result. You will work closely with stakeholders in the technology team, business teams and development partners to deliver the new functionality to the business.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Plan and prioritise QA work for deployments of the Hybris e-commerce platform
Review, propose and implement testing strategy including tools, reporting and process
Define and execute (exploratory) test scripts for user stories to be delivered in a release
Define and execute regression packs to ensure product quality
Report on testing progress
Develop and grow the Body&Fit QA team
Knowledge transfer to the internal teams

What you will bring to Body & Fit:

A track record in software quality assurance in a fast-paced organisation

Experience as QA/Test Manager in e-commerce or related field
Understanding of automated test tools and process to deliver continuous improvements
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes
A track record of managing stakeholders and strong examples of clear and concise communication
A good understanding of e-commerce platform ecosystems and technical development in complex IT projects
Good communication skills with stakeholders at all levels
A commitment to delivering releases with outstanding quality
Exceptional attention to detail
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
A passion for customers, retail, digital products & technology

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!
Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e04d8e91959a5565&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3c344d0ed1f57da7&assa=4242,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e04d8e91959a5565&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
57,waste management,Indeed,p_a6c5eba87c04fb8a,Senior Integrated Marketing Manager,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Marktplaats, 2dehands and 2ememain are part of eBay and the eBay Classifieds Group (eCG). It combines the energy of a start-up with the resources of one of the leading technology companies in the world. We offer the top 500 advertisers relevant ways to connect and communicate with our 11 million monthly unique users, customized integrations and partnerships. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We invite you to join us!We are looking for:Senior Integrated Marketing Manager to lead the development and execution of integrated marketing plans in NL/BE that drive business growth (via Acquisition and Retention tactics) and brand impact. Experienced marketing professional, who excels in turning ad hoc issues into opportunities by using strategic agility and strong executional skills, aligned with the vision and strategy of Marktplaats and 2dehands/2ememain.In this role, he/she will work with a cross functional team of experts from Brand & Content Marketing, Precision Marketing, Insights & Analytics, PR, Product, Business owners (who all play a part in his/her success) to develop and execute annual marketing strategies, investment plans, and integrated campaigns across Paid, Owned and Earned channels.He/she role will be responsible for the overall C2C marketing and brand performance of Marktplaats & 2dehands. His/her focus and knowledge of the market, consumers, culture and competitors will translate into deeper understanding of the market, what’s needed to win & ultimately contribute to execute relevant marketing plans and ROI driven investment strategies.The role will be based in Amsterdam and will report to the eCG Benelux CMO.Responsibilities:‘Go-to-person’ for the overall C2C Marketing strategy, activation & ROI for NL / BEDefine market priorities, strategies, activation calendars, integrated campaigns briefs, messaging, channel mix & investments recos in close collaboration with various internal teams.Work with Consumer Insights & Analytics stakeholders to develop market deep-dive analysis, define growth projections, audience understanding and required behavioural / mindset changesLead the development of Integrated Marketing briefs (for always on / adhoc campaigns) in close collaboration with content, precision, insights & analytics, PR, product…Work with the above in the development and execution of fully integrated campaignsRegularly report marketing and brand results against agreed KPIsLead recommendations of corrective actions to the plans during the year as neededUnderstand NL or BE market in-side-out from a business perspective, keeps a pulse on what's going in that market (in collaboration with the Insights / analytics team), recommends plans adjustments during the year as neededShare market learnings, further requirements and best practices across the wider eCG organizationRequirements:Entrepreneurial, strong sense of ownership to build leading brands in NL/BE, and a drive to exceed marketing and business goalsStrong influencer and collaborator who can work with a variety of marketing and business teams in co-developing marketing priorities, calendars, plans and budgetsAnalytical and data-driven to analyze category, competitive, consumer, product and brand data and identify the biggest marketing opportunities and goals for NL & BEStrong knowledge of full Marketing Mix (Communications, Offline/Online/Performance Marketing Channels, CRM, PR, Front-End, App) to co-develop best-in-class integrated campaigns with relevant marketing teamsStrong project management to oversee the flawless execution of integrated Paid, Earned & Owned channel campaignsBusiness results driven and financially savvy (ideally have had prior P&L or business results responsibility)Strong interpersonal skills and leadership presence with the ability to influence and motivate people at all levels of the organizationAble to work independently and within a group to push projects to completionExcellent organizational and project management skills8-10+ years of professional marketing experience – ideally within ecommerce / pure player environmentFluent English speakerMasters degree in - ideally in Marketing, EconomicsBenefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a6c5eba87c04fb8a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a54e82d3a212401b&assa=5123,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a6c5eba87c04fb8a&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
58,waste management,Indeed,p_3c11fae077652126,Treasury - Mid Office Specialist,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

The Treasury team at Booking.com is looking for a self-starting individual who is able to support our FX and Investment operational activities. Due to the continuous growth and the progression of the organization, the tasks and duties of this role may evolve over time. You will be keen to develop and grow within the role and to take on additional challenges and responsibilities in relation to middle and back office Treasury operations. As a member of the Global Finance team, you will bring Treasury subject matter expertise and serve as a trusted advisor to the wider Booking.com team.

In this role you will be part of our Global Treasury team of 30+ people and report to the Team Leader for Treasury Operations. You will be able to demonstrate flawless teamwork, attention to detail, coordination, and stakeholder management skills. With tenacity and a drive for successful project delivery, you will be able to work effectively with experts and stakeholders in the area of tax, legal, regulatory/risk management and financial systems.

You will be accustomed to a work environment that thrives on innovation and initiative, whilst also working within an enterprise risk framework.

Main responsibilities:

Drive, execute and participate in the evolution of the company's middle and back office processes, contribute meaningfully to the treasury team’s risk framework, while applying operational excellence to ensure best practice controls and processes are developed and adhered to;
Responsible for Treasury confirmations and regulatory compliance for all OTC FX derivative trading activities, to ensure all trades are matched before settlement and following up on any discrepancies with FX trading partners;
Maintenance of inter company loan agreements and positions, and quantification / confirmation of monthly interest accruals & charges;
Support cash and risk management related operational activities;
Be the lead individual for understanding and communicating the impact of key regulatory changes on existing processes (EMIR, Dodd Frank and Mifid II etc)
Be the lead to ensure that all FX activities are carried out in accordance with the requirements of the relevant regulatory frameworks and internal controls;
Support the annual audit process
Prepare ad hoc reporting for Treasury purposes;
Effectively and efficiently deal with all BAU middle and back office issues and queries;
Working closely with Risk and Compliance, Tax, Legal, Accounting teams across all levels of seniority to ensure adherence and improvement of processes’ control;
Drive process improvement for daily operational activities;
Identify opportunities to drive value through process automation and the elimination of process waste;
Management and execution of ad-hoc projects where required.

Required skills:

A proven track record of3+ years of relevant treasury experience (cash, FX, debt or risk management) gained in a corporate treasury environment or banking institution;
Knowledgeable on FX derivatives
Experience of working in adherence with SOX internal control processes
Minimum of a Bachelors degree, preferably in a finance or numerate related areas such as Finance, Accounting, Business or Economics
Excellent English speaker;
Self-starter able to work on a structured approach with minimal supervision;
Broad knowledge of micro and macroeconomic factors, with the ability to translate these into risk-based decision making;
Strong regulatory knowledge (EMIR, Dodd Frank, Mifid II) and DTCC Global Trade Repository
Experience with SAP Treasury ERP System, SWIFT payment infrastructure, FXALL Settlement Center, Refinitiv Market Data Services and Reval TRM is advantageous;
Able to adapt style and approach in order to work effectively with internal and external stakeholders from a variety of different cultures;
Able to demonstrate relentless tenacity to drive business objectives and deliver results;
Advanced Microsoft Office skills.

A successful candidate with proven performance after 6 months can be sponsored with the opportunity to attend training or certification in a related field as part of support for further career development.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3c11fae077652126&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d320b5e0b407b2df&assa=5964,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3c11fae077652126&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
59,waste management,Indeed,p_40de693aeeab18e3,Senior Technical Program Manager - Order Platform,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"It wasn’t so long ago that booking a trip to see the Eiffel Tower, stroll down New York’s iconic Madison Avenue or feel the sand between our toes on Copacabana Beach was simply a matter of a few taps on our smartphone.

In fact, that’s what we do at Booking.com. We make it easier for everyone to experience the world. And while that world might feel a little farther away right now, we’re busy preparing for when the world is ready to travel once more.

Across our offices worldwide, we continue to innovate. To solve for some of the most complex challenges in travel and technology, and to plan for the exciting developments that lie ahead. With strategic long-term investments into what we believe the future of travel can be, we are opening up new career opportunities that will have a strong impact on our mission.

We are united in the belief that our very human desire to explore the planet’s beauty and discover more about other people and cultures will endure. The world is waiting for us. Together, we will be ready.

Senior Technical Program Manager - Order Platform

Booking’s Horizontal Business Services department is seeking a smart, talented and energetic Senior Technical Program Manager to manage execution and delivery of the Order Platform roadmap that delivers against ambitious business objectives.

Our order platform is designed to be the authoritative data source of all reservation data which is then funnelled to relevant systems including finance, billing analytics etc. This role will need someone with a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, with a deep technical background in data modelling. You will have experience with MySQL, Hadoop, Cassandra and Big Data platforms. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and help drive change.

As a Senior TPM, you will anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance customer and business needs versus technical constraints. An ability to take large, complex projects and break them down into manageable pieces, develop functional specifications, then deliver them in a successful and timely manner is expected. We are looking for proactive, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems. Well developed decision making and judgment, negotiation skills, the ability to influence, analytical ability and leadership are essential to success.

B.Responsible

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
Plan and manage multiple parallel projects
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints, and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive

B.Skilled

7+ years relevant work experience, including technical program management experience
3 years+ engineering experience with relevant tech stack
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; Datadriven andresults-oriented
A proven track record of leading a visionary strategy to deliver global, company-wide platform services at enterprise large scales
Commercial understanding of scrum methodologies, agile project management and release (program increment) scheduling

B.offered

This position is open to candidates worldwide, we provide visa and relocation assistance.

Living and working in Amsterdam, one of the most cosmopolitan cities in Europe
Contributing to a high scale, complex, world-renowned product and seeing real-time impact of your work
Working in a fast-paced and performance-driven culture
Career advancement via online and on-the-job training, Hackathons, conferences and active community participation
Competitive compensation and benefits package and some great added perks of working in the home city of Booking.com

We value Diversity of all types and in an open, dynamic workplace. This has been a pillar at Booking.com since day one, and something we continue to strongly believe in and build today.

Booking.com is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. We strive to move well beyond traditional equal opportunity and work to create an environment that allows everyone to thrive.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=40de693aeeab18e3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=22623495378fdaeb&assa=6788,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=40de693aeeab18e3&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
60,waste management,Indeed,p_baf059d907c3231a,Finance Tester,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"In this role you will be responsible for testing (and advice in the design/development of) and subsequent monitoring of the financial output of new and changed business (processes) that we implement at Hunkemöller. Furthermore, your input is required in optimizing existing processes to support our growth.
Formally you report to the Manager Financial Administrator but you will also have regular informal contact with other colleagues from the Finance Department, especially the Project Manager and other Hunkemöller Departments, in particular the E-Commerce (Omni-Channel), IT and other business Departments.
With the growth of our Omni-Channel and especially the related wholesale and concessions part, we like to professionalize and speed up the implementation of new businesses.
Your main responsibilities concern the following areas:
Translating business requirements (new contracts) into financial consequences and thus journal entries which amongst others, drive the development/set-up of new business in our commercial IT systems and consequently also in our accounting system
Monitoring that the financial input given is taking into account in the technical and functional set-up in the development phase. Ensuring issues are already tackled as soon as possible in the front-end development of the implementation process
Performing functional with main focus on the financial output testing in SAP
Coordinating/communicating with the several business departments in the design/development, testing and production phases
Monitoringg) the behavior of the implemented in production and come up with corrective actions/suggestions if needed
Participating in the functional testing of small ad-hoc projects
In order to be able to perform the role properly, we ask for the following:
Knowledge of SAP is a must
Knowledge of the English and Dutch language is a must
Can ‘talk' IT and Finance language and has strong affinity with IT related processes
At least 4 years of work experience in this field of expertise
Excellent Excel skills and knowledge of Microsoft Word
Is a good communicator as it also needs strong communication with E-commerce/rest of the business
Stable personality
Hands-on person with a ‘can do' mentality
At least higher education (equivalent HEAO, although on the job experience is just as important)
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller is looking for a talented and motivated Finance Tester to join! You are part of the Financial Administration Department at the International HQ of Hunkemöller in Hilversum.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=baf059d907c3231a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0191a2eff965c374&assa=8348,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=baf059d907c3231a&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,Yes,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
61,waste management,Indeed,p_170572c7730eceff,IT Engineer,IDPP, Amsterdam,"IT Engineer
Amsterdam
30 days contract (potential to extend)
Start - ASAP
We have an urgent requirement for an IT Engineer to help with some IT Tasks in Amsterdam. Our client will need someone to help for 30 days with the option to extend another 30 days. The scope of work for the IT engineer will be:
Re-image, prepare and deploy 45 laptops for desktop replacement project.
Re-image, prepare and deploy laptop for new hires and break fix.
Carry out a full inventory (storage, leaver equipment, update asset management)
Work closely with IT manager and IT colleagues on any physical hands-on requirement/support etc.
Ensure there are enough spare components to swap out any failures for desktops outside of warranty quickly.
Help complete setup on local printer.
Process e-waste
Respond to local IT outages in emergencies.
Please apply with your up-to-date CV for immediate consideration.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=170572c7730eceff&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad5a1175c97ba609&assa=9097,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=170572c7730eceff&fccid=9a91c63814afd667&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
62,waste management,Indeed,p_6c3a59d5c41026b8,Field Application Engineer Internship - Electric Vehicle Charger Solutions,Delta Electronics, Hoofddorp,"Company Description

Delta Group is the world's largest provider of switching power supplies and a major source for power management solutions, components, visual displays, industrial automation, networking products, and renewable energy solutions. Established in 1971, Delta Group has sales offices worldwide and manufacturing plants in Taiwan, Thailand, China, Mexico and Europe.
As a global leader in power electronics, Delta is committed to environment protection and has implemented green, lead-free production and recycling and waste management programs for many years. Delta's mission continues to be: ""To provide innovative energy-saving products for a better quality of life.”

Job Description

For our Electric Vehicle Charging Solutions Team we are searching for an enthusiastic Field Application Engineer to help us grow our business from our Hoofddorp office location.
Key challenges:
Support our Sales Team from a technical perspective in an accurate and timely manner
Support the process of tender preparation by creating proposals and advising on solutions
Learn and gain a deep understanding of our company product lines
Provide support with identifying and solving technical problems
Help in the creation and maintenance of documentation

Qualifications

Pursuing a Bachelor/Master Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
Technical knowledge and understanding of Electric Vehicle Charging Solutions, Energy Storage Systems or Power Conditioning System
You are enrolled in a university for the whole duration of the internship
Fluent English and German, French language skills
Outstanding problem solving, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills
Capability to work independently and in an international team
Customer focus, good communication, and interpersonal skills
Additional Information

Our Offer
As an innovative and global company, you are offered a friendly working atmosphere and a constructive working environment leaving much room for new possibilities and ideas. Use this opportunity and show us your motivation.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6c3a59d5c41026b8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=43e3f043d1e55c04&assa=6182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6c3a59d5c41026b8&fccid=f3bc338228926a97&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
63,waste management,Indeed,p_fe7ac8b80cffce69,Front End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!Job DescriptionAsk any Dutch internet user about their favourite Marktplaats story. Observe their excitement about the phenomenal deal they found or the exciting people they met. They have made Marktplaats the most popular site in the Netherlands.This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career .What you can expect from us:A collaborative, informal, international and energetic work environmentSelf-organised agile/lean teams consisting of QA, product managers, UX, analysts, front-end, mobile and back-end developersManagers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a personAccess to tools and resources to do your job (outstanding laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eCG in trending topics like DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and othersContinuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your workWork on one of the most beloved brands!The person we are looking for has extensive experience in on-line or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment.We expect the right person to be a specialist in software engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems.Furthermore, we need someone who is dedicated to Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.What we expect from you:Good verbal and written communication skills.Strong collaboration skills and ability to influence a multi-functional team to deliver results;Work closely with experienced product & design teams to build intuitive experiences in a highly-visibile environment.Develop high quality, performant, maintainable and testable applications:HTML5 (Handlebars), CSS3 (SASS, SuitCSS), JavaScript (<= ES2017, Backbone, jQuery, React) & WebComponentsMocha, Chai & SinonNode.js, Express & ES2017*npm, webpack & babelFind and help fix stability, scalability, performance issues, cross-browser compatibility, Web standards, and interoperability.Own major projects and features from design phase to coding, testing, deliveryHave a proven grasp and experience with MVC and OO design.Proficient using source control systems (Git)Self-motivated and have the ability to get things doneAbility to come up with innovative solutions to problems, while also thoroughly considering edge cases and avoiding pitfallsYour responsibilities will include:Be a vital team member in development and design of new projectsMentor of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them outHelp to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirementsWork with international counterparts across the worldwide eCGPreferably you have degree in Computer Sciences or comparable topic.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fe7ac8b80cffce69&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=f2cff15515ae9b82&assa=6958,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fe7ac8b80cffce69&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
64,waste management,Indeed,p_756a902b121bc9b1,"Sr. Manager, Facilities (Dutch & English Fluency Required)",Palo Alto Networks, Amsterdam,"Company Description
Our Mission
At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission:
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.
We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.

Job Description
Your Career
We are seeking a colleague who is shaping with us the future of our workplace! Think beyond the office. Redevelop how we make sure to support our colleagues to the best and create a great experience. If you enjoy working independently but collaboratively in a collegial team environment within a fast-paced and dynamic company, this is the right place for you.
Your role is to lead and drive the facilities operations programs and processes; maintaining our lab infrastructure and the office build-outs at our Amsterdam office also leading and driving other Places related projects. All ensuring timely delivery of clearly defined scope within budget. This with the goal to support the business to the best
Your Impact
Innovating and improving processes and scopes. Driving efficiencies and effectiveness
Coaching and development of the Facilities team in AMS
Working with ultimately every employee and translating company culture, values, and strategies into practical application for the workplace
Building year plans and objectives that support our company strategy and business needs
Driving the change in our AMS office towards FLEXWORK. Experience in implementing new office concepts
Partner effectively with key groups such as IT, SAS, Procurement, Finance, and the People team. Maintain regular communications with a variety of stakeholders to ensure that all concerned parties are well informed on relevant topics.
Sourcing local services and goods needed to perform day to day operations through 3rd party suppliers. This in strong cooperation with our US based procurement team
Executing professional supplier management
Responding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise and dealing with the consequences. This job requires you to be reachable outside working hours for emergencies
Using performance management techniques to monitor and demonstrate achievement of agreed service levels and to lead on improvement
Planning best allocation and utilisation of space and resources. Short and mid term.
Implementing existing or new (global) processes/policies/procedures
Executing tenders. From preparing tender documents to signing off contracts in line with company policies and with involvement of right stakeholders and onboarding vendors
Having good knowledge of relevant Workplace Law and regulations
Developing and implementing sustainable ideas and solutions
Participating in or leading global project groups within the Places department
Understanding the impact you have on our carbon footprint and waste contribution, and knowing how to minimize this

Qualifications
Your Experience
Minimum of 10 years experience ensuring continuity of operations and maintenance /repairs in offices and lab spaces
Developing, directing, coordinating and planning essential central services such as maintenance/repairs, mail, shipping/receiving archiving, cleaning, food, waste disposal and recycling
Professional supplier management in a corporate/commercial environment
Responding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise and dealing with the consequences. This job requires you to be reachable outside working hours for emergencies
Planning best allocation and utilisation of space, resources and office concepts. Short and mid term
Executing tenders. From preparing tender documents to signing off contracts in line with company policies and with involvement of right stakeholders and onboarding vendors
Project management (hard-, soft services and construction projects) and supervising and coordinating the work of contractors, ensure minimum disruption to core activities
Fluency in Dutch and English
Bachelor's Degree
Additional Information
The Team
The Places team constantly strives to make our work environment comfortable, effective, productive and appealing. The workplace has a direct impact on your happiness, productivity, and how we can accomplish our mission. As a team, we take care of the day to day facilities services throughout our organization. We own the build-out projects while maintaining a productive, innovative environment for the business to work in.
Our Commitment

We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=756a902b121bc9b1&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=619066c5b46ffe59&assa=8376,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=756a902b121bc9b1&fccid=0562f887e2bed9ea&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
65,waste management,Indeed,p_46656e1519788462,"Head of Health, Safety & Environment - Amsterdam",The Emirates Group, Amsterdam,"The purpose of the HSE Manager position is to ensure all HSE hazards and risks to the business are identified, monitored and effectively mitigated to a level of ALARP; (As low as reasonably practicable):
The HSE Manager leads a team of professionals and delivers results by coaching, leading and executing activities in a transparent and collaborative approach that supports corporate objectives.
Generic Responsibilities

Reducing risk, losses and exposure to the company by implementing dnata’s Integrated Management System (IMS), standards and processes aligned to industry best practices and country regulatory requirements;
Providing technical expertise, advice, support and direction to the businesses on all matters related to Occupational Health & Safety, Environment and Incident Management.
Establishing annual strategic objectives, SMART goals and KPI’s that are shared, monitored and actioned by Senior Management and support continuous improvement.
Providing assurance that the HSE issues are managed in accordance with company, industry and regulatory requirements.
Influence and presence to create change with executive and operational leaders.
Coordinate with Corporate Safety & Standards global mandates, initiatives and campaigns.

Integrated Management System

Accountable for:

communicating dnata HSE policies, standards, procedures and practices to dnata staff and key stakeholders;
demonstrating compliance to regulatory, industry and alignment to best practices;
ensuring HSE training is embedded into training matrices and meets requirements;
ensuring HSE governance accountabilities relevant to the business size and risk profile are in place;
monitoring of HSE KPI’s through the development of monthly performance reports for each site and presentations to Management teams, CEO and HSE Board;
establishing KPI’s for multi-site relevant to business and corporate KPI’s
maintaining appropriate records and documents and assures accessibility to stakeholders;
establish assurance capabilities to identify contractor and supplier HSE capabilities;
monitoring performance and compliance to HSE & training standards and escalating concerns to Senior Management;
timeliness, completeness and integrity of performance reporting including leading and lagging indicators, trends, mitigation plans, CAPA closeout and any other areas of concern to senior management and corporate;

Providing support to business leaders in the implementation of solutions which will eliminate the contributing exposures (conditional, cultural, and /or behavioural in their nature) in the case of significant occurrences.

Health
Responsible for the establishment and oversight of Occupational Health for the business including:

implementation of the dnata global health processes including health standards, health monitoring and reporting as well as occupational health & hygiene risk mitigation;
establish a health risk profile and programmes;

Safety
Responsible for oversight, administration and implementation of safety management systems including reporting and compliance obligations of the business including:

identification of hazards, effective mitigation, monitoring and administration including;- implement the dnata STOP observation programme;
implement workplace inspections to ensure we are providing a “Safe Place” for our employees;
implementing the dnata Hub as the single source of truth;
implementing dnata incident investigation processes including reporting, investigations and fit for purpose CAPA’s;
establishing incident management capability within the safety & Operations teams;
establish safety training matrix;
Establishing a HSE Governance Framework including HSE Board and supporting committee’s process incorporating trends, actions and initiatives for improvement.

Environment
Responsible for oversight of the environment management programme for the business including:

Implementation of the dnata environment monitoring programme based on identified environmental impacts, aspects and risks to the business.
Implementation of proactive measures to reduce the environmental impact as a result of our operations such as waste reduction, emissions, re-use, recycle etc.
Coordinate implementation, monitoring and reporting of environmental of initiatives across multiple site with Corporate Environmental Manager.

Additional responsibilities;
Training
Responsible for oversight and delivery of HSE training within the business including:

Implementation of the dnata Learning Management System including delivery, recording, monitoring, competence assessments and reporting.

Qualifications & Experience
As a highly motivated professional in a challenging and fast paced work environment our HSE Manager is a results oriented individual with significant experience in a similar capacity and strong leadership abilities who strives for excellence, thrives in a high achieving team and demonstrates commitment by walking the talk.

Qualifications:

Holder of a Risk Management degree or professional Safety qualification (Degree or Diploma) from an International Safety Institution such as the Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (IOSH), National Education Board of Safety and Health (NEBOSH), CSP, CRSP or equivalent.
Training and audit qualifications from a recognized institute or organization.

Experience:

Min 7+ Years’ field experience as Safety Advisor executing, monitoring or supporting health, safety, security or environment functional activities.
Min 10+ Years’ experience, in as a Safety Manager (ideally in a heavy industry, manufacturing or process environment) and/or corporate health/safety/security/environment leadership role.
Relevant experience in accident and incident investigation focussing loss control, exposure elimination & root cause.

Knowledge and Skills:

Professional relationship building, communication, problem solving, and negotiation Skills
Professional knowledge of management systems including assurance processes with broad safety knowledge and rules governing HSE
Excellent knowledge in HSE continuous improvement
Excellent data collection and analyses skills

Prerequisites:

Have a valid driver’s license
Be flexibility to travel as necessary to execute the responsibilities of the position
Be able to pass the security clearance checks for airside operations
Be able to pass a pre-employment medical

",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=46656e1519788462&from=vj&sjdu=y9u3RRZ4xEEderSf58Q_gYje84kLKmpSi0Kgl66BcSPmoB7Uk5KolXGy3ZdVHqRcPxSq7mW4JwojT5KLY1Eg-Pxj_L-nd_hSfS2-8AWApBUPMAf37-Yw0XEpLyELARyBAllEF80HGT6qbNUUPrwxdqQbssIX7WRMSh2VY7C6EpUhugpX9cWV9dWvcKFlpAi8hnlGI8DLUqVoSwAZU7bhjg&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c7264957e0751437&assa=9110,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=46656e1519788462&fccid=9ef97ff407fc27fd&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
66,waste management,Indeed,p_42214aeef16bb503,"Senior SRE, Data Platform",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.About the team:The central data teams play a key role in enhancing the user’s experience when browsing the website or using the mobile app. We are responsible for using data to personalize the journey, showing relevant listings and advertising, guiding users when placing an advertisement and ensuring communication goes smoothly and without fraudulent messages. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams. We invite you to join us!About the role:We are looking for an experienced Senior Site Reliability Engineer with a proven track record in building and maintaining data pipelines and operating data products at scale.You will work closely with our data scientists, other engineers, architects and product leads to create the technology that generates and transforms data into applications, insights and experiences for our users.We expect the right person to be a guide in systems engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to work with large and distributed systems.What you will do:Work closely together with global and local engineering teams, product and data science on new projects and enhancements.Build and maintain robust, fault-tolerant and highly scalable infrastructure that supports our global growth.Enhance our data architecture to balance scale and performance.Engage in software performance analysis, systems tuning, service capacity planning and demand forecasting.Write and maintain tools to improve the availability, scalability and efficiency of our platform.Actively contribute to create autonomy within product teams throughout tools and frameworks.Join on-call rotations together with Product Development.Here are some examples of our work: Machine Learning - build and enhance ML pipelines in the context of user profiling and segmentation, recommendations and search relevancyAnalytic Data Products - build statistics engines using ClickHouse to power insights dashboardsData Pipelines - create real-time or batch pipelines or rewrite existing pipelines using Flink and/or Spark (Scala)Who are you: You have:BS/MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent working experience.Strong expertise in Linux and working knowledge of the TCP/IP stack, Internet routing and load balancing.Solid understanding of private and public cloud, preferably on Openstack and Google Cloud Platform.Strong hands-on experience with container (Docker) schedulers and orchestrators like Nomad or Kubernetes.Expertise in maintaining data pipelines (real-time and batch) with processing frameworks like Apache Flink, Apache Spark, Apache Beam, Google DataFlow or similar.Strong knowledge of distributed data stores and messaging queuing systems at scale, like Casandra and Kafka. Preferably one or more of Google BigTable, Redis, ClickHouse, Elasticsearch, Google PubSub.Experience in GoLang and/or Python programming languages and scripting languages like Bash or Groovy.Experience in analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.Familiarity with monitoring frameworks like Prometheus or the Graphite stack.Also:You feel ownership over everything you ship. You pride yourself on operational excellence.You love freedom and don’t like being micromanaged. Given the context, you are capable of self-direction.You are an excellent communicator who can explain complex problems in clear and concise language.What you can expect from us:A collaborative, informal, international and playful work environment with self-organized, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams.Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person.Access to tools and resources to do your job (IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more).Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups across eCG in trending topics such as Infrastructure, Architecture and others.Interested?From the moment you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=42214aeef16bb503&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b26179a9b21b6597&assa=9935,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=42214aeef16bb503&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
67,waste management,Indeed,p_2a8861e0deb3f4e8,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.

To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities

PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1a324422e6d6aad5&assa=833,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
68,waste management,Indeed,p_ff34c385287a4a48,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=f8a4fb2bd8fc25a4&assa=2530,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&fccid=a4cdd50aa5b677cb&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
69,waste management,Indeed,p_9ddc178c2c6a0fd4,QA Team Lead,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
About the team:
From our Amsterdam office we serve not only Marktplaats.nl but also 2dehands.be/2ememain.be our Belgian counterpart.
This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career.
Your growth will involve our highly-performant and high-traffic systems. During peak hours, our site's per-second throughput is OVER 1000 searches (which makes us the second most-used search engine in NL), 25K images and 4GB of data. On an average month, we get 140 million visits, which translates into 2.5 billion page views. But our users demand more, so we are constantly evolving our platform to deliver the experience our customers love.
What to expect from us?
An informal, international and energetic work environment with self-organized, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Access to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)
Work with cool modern technologies such as Java, Scala, Elasticsearch, Apache Kafka, Cassandra, Hashicorp Stack, Node.js, React, Swift and Play
Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eCG in trending topics like DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and others.
What do we expect from you?
We are looking for a Lead QA Engineer who is passionate about testing and Quality Assurance and loves to work with cross-functional teams. You enjoy enabling your team members to deliver great functionalities with taking risk in mind. You have extensive experience in online or related areas, with at least 6+ years in the technology field. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, understands QA Strategy across a department and can focus on driving the QA strategy. The QA Lead wants to participate in continuously improving how we work, and has an interest in how we can do Quality Assurance in a world where we don't have the time to do the testing before a functionality goes live.
Requirements:
The ability to coach, train and guide your QA team in testing great products;
Define a QA Strategy that helps us drive QA excellence in our engineering teams;
You have started leading other QA engineers becoming QA
You have proven experience within the QA/Testing area, especially test prioritization based on risk level, test design and test techniques;
A creative approach;
Self-starting mentality;
Work with our Architects, Tech-Leaders to improve our Lead Time without compromising on quality aspects
Ability of Working in a highly interactive Agile delivery team;
Enthusiastically solving problems, suggesting process automation and improvements;
Advanced level of English (written and spoken);
Can lead without authority!
A huge plus would be:
Understanding the challenges of a high traffic platform;
An object oriented language like Java or functional language like Scala;
Experience with Goal setting frameworks around Quality aspects.
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=9ddc178c2c6a0fd4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=eb4e8fe57c37a36a&assa=4189,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9ddc178c2c6a0fd4&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
70,waste management,Indeed,p_4a454820e4595950,Reactor Process & Plant Systems Engineer,PALLAS, Alkmaar,"Alkmaar Fulltime
Who is PALLAS?
PALLAS’s mission is to provide unique solutions for nuclear medicine and research.

Our vision is to build a safe, state-of-the-art facility to become the world’s leading producer of radioisotopes for nuclear medicines and to enable nuclear technology research. The PALLAS-reactor will be the first in the industry to be privately financed, owned and operated, and it will be built in Petten, Noord-Holland, on the site of the existing High Flux Reactor.

PALLAS aspires to become a high-reliability organisation with the skills and capability to deliver its mission and vision through its core values, whilst ensuring that its safety, security and quality objectives are always achieved. We apply our unique knowledge and experience to benefit society by taking interest in our stakeholders.

PALLAS is composed of colleagues coming from all over the world, bringing together a unique set of knowledge and experience. Everyone in PALLAS is required to take personal responsibility for the safety of themselves and of anyone who is directly or indirectly affected by their actions. A high safety culture is continuously built by the organisation.
Function
The main role of PALLAS is being the Intelligent Customer and this entails overseeing the use of specialised contractors and subcontractors responsible for the design, construction and operation of the PALLAS-reactor.

The PALLAS Reactor Process & Plant Systems Engineer, supports the PALLAS lead Reactor Process & Plant Systems Engineer to maintain oversight of the design. This means support in monitoring of the delegated Design Authority and support in ensuring the right design delivered by the contactors enabling the PALLAS-reactor’s mission. The right design includes a design that is constructible, commissionable, operable, maintainable and decommission-able as per the PALLAS drivers.

Oversight includes providing inputs to the design, assessing the design against the PALLAS technical requirements and inputs, guiding the designer to implement requirements in an integrated balanced way, coordinating external interfaces, interfacing with licensing on conventional permits as well as supporting Safety Demonstration, Licensing, Project Management Office, Quality, Procurement, and Licensing under the supervision of the lead reactor systems engineer.
Activities
As a Reactor Process & Plant Systems Engineer, your tasks will include:

Support Owner of requirements (Reactor Process and Plant Systems) by defining and/or understanding the systems requirements.
Support Owner of design (Reactor Process and Plant Systems) providing design inputs to the contractor, ensuring the contractor uses the correct inputs, and ensuring the design complies to the requirements, using engineering judgement to assess the methodology/design criteria/design approach, ensuring the preliminary safety analysis report (PSAR) is aligned with the design, overseeing external interfaces, ensuring the design is construct-able, commissionable, operable, maintainable and decommission-able.
Support Owner of Design Baseline (Reactor Process and Plant Systems) by reviewing and accepting the design baseline for Reactor Process and Plant systems.
Intelligent Customer Service (Reactor Process and Plant Systems) by reviewing and accepting the design baseline for reactor systems.
Support Owner External interface (casks for wet loading, secondary cooling) by understanding why the reactor is what it is, supporting in presenting the design to the Authority for Nuclear Safety & Radiation Protection (ANVS) and other authorities and act as Work Package Owner for Contractor led work packages.
Support Subject Matter Lead (Reactor Process and Plant Systems) by applying expert knowledge in review of the design, application of codes and standards (C&S) and identifying technical risks.

In your role you will have responsibilities in the area described below.

Right Design review: Support Lead in performing right design reviews on detailed design deliverables:
Procurement packages
Manufacturing packages
Construction packages
Test & inspection plans
Manuals
Selected design information
Monitoring performance of delegated design authority: Support Lead in monitoring the performance of the delegated design authority by conducting audits and checks on systems to identify risks associated or corrective actions with the system
Correct Design: Support Lead to use engineering judgement to perform correct designs reviews on a high level considering the following:
Correctness of design input used.
Correctness approach/methodology used.
Correctness of Verification & Validation (V&V) approach and outcome of the V&V process.
Correctness of design output.
Interfacing with PALLAS appointed third party reviewers.
Support work: Support the following streams:
Project Management Office (PMO)
Business Case
Safety Demonstration
Licensing (discussions with the Authority for Nuclear Safety & Radiation Protection -ANVS – and permitting)
Procurement
Commissioning and Operational Readiness
Construction
Quality

Your profile
We are looking for Subject Matter Experts, who is:

Knowledgeable in the requested field taking responsibility of your assigned tasks and systems.
Proactive and solution orientated.
Able to work in a team, work with stakeholders and do efficient reporting to her/his manager.
Worked with contractors before.

You have a degree in Process Engineering and at least 5 years of professional experience, including experience with systems engineering.

You have relevant experience (12 months or more) in one or more of the following projects:

Nuclear Research reactor in Argentina (RA-10), Brazil (RMB), Australia (OPAL), Germany (FRM) or Belgium (BR II).
NPP Reactor (preferably pressurized water reactor – PWR – type): design, manufacturing, construction, commissioning, operations.

Languages: English (spoken and written)

You have previous working experience for an “Intelligent customer” and are able to understand the position as an Owner or as a client.

You have also experience in the following technology:

Cooling systems
Purchase specifications for process equipment e.g. pumps, heat exchangers, piping etc.
Handling of radioactive waste
Thermo hydraulics
Interface management
System engineering principles

Desired skills
In your role you will oversee the design of mechanical components. You will not perform the design work but you will need to assess whether the design fulfil requirements.

As a result, a basic knowledge of the following Codes & Standards is preferred:

ASME BPVC Section VIII div. 1
ASME B31.1
ASME B31.3
ASME B73.1
PED

What we offer
PALLAS offers a very competitive salary ranging from € 3.500 – 4.500 gross per month plus holidays allowance (8%), to be discussed depending on your education and experience.

If you are moving from abroad, PALLAS offers a full relocation package.
Additional information
If you have questions about the position, please contact our HR department. You can send an e-mail to Maartje Hageman via hrm@pallasreactor.com or call +31 (0)88 20 24 024.

An AIVD screening (level B) is part of the selection process. More information about the screening can be found on: https://english.aivd.nl/.

Applications
You can apply via Recruitment Organisation Thomas Thor. You can apply directly on their website.

Link to application",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4a454820e4595950&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=caddc6bcfb0e0e7a&assa=4812,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4a454820e4595950&fccid=d23586106f81bb07&vjs=3,12 dagen geleden,12 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
71,waste management,Indeed,p_ad0a23ddb63dcf3c,Wind Developer,The Green Recruitment Company, Amsterdam,"The Client
The Green Recruitment Company are working alongside one of the leading renewable energy businesses with their expansion plans. The business operates in development, design, building and management of power production plans that include wind, solar, waste to energy and biomass. They are a pure play business in the European market with global expansion plans in place.
Job Purpose
Working in France, originating greenfield, co-development and acquisitions opportunities for Wind and Solar projects including submission of HoTs, review and negotiation of land options and leases;
Working with co-development partners on development of project pipelines;
Managing the development of a project within budget from any stage to get it to a ready to build state, including dealing with any appeal process and discharge of relevant conditions, managing all project stakeholders;
Work and assist relevant internal staff to set up community investment in projects in the country;
Assist/co-work in the negotiations for a joint development agreement and carrying out necessary due diligence with internal and external resource;
Carry out other “ad-hoc” activities required to achieve Company’s objectives; be proactive in meeting Group objectives. Engage in industry consultations so the company can act on new trends; Analysis of regulation and risks & presenting this
Requirements:
Engineering degree
5 years + experience
Experience of wind project development up to consent/refusal/appeal stage
WindPro, GIS, PV Syst experience
Negotiations with land owners experience",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ad0a23ddb63dcf3c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3fb79f44f0654e12&assa=1311,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ad0a23ddb63dcf3c&fccid=55ab05b56eddf8a9&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
72,waste management,Indeed,p_5c6eac52c4661d70,Global Digital and Automation Manufacturing Leader,Kraft Heinz Company, Amsterdam,"Kraft Heinz, The Company
As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic brands like Philadelphia Cream Cheese, Kraft Peanut Butter, Kraft Dinner and Heinz Ketchup. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like CRAVE. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World . Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.
Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.
Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us - and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen - there’s one thing to do join us.


Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration


We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.
As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.
Job Description
Global Digital and Automation Manufacturing Leader

About the Position
We have an excellent opportunity available for an experienced Digital and Automation Manufacturing Lead to make a difference at Kraft Heinz. The function lies within Global Manufacturing team in the Global Center of Excellence. You’ll be working in a high performing team, alongside peers always trying to reach the next level. Get ready for a lot of exposure to internal senior stakeholders. You’re constantly looking for improvement activities within Global Operations to help develop, promote and implement different supply chain strategies to achieve effective business processes.
In brief, you will be responsible for:
How to Deploy Manufacturing Process Management for Digital Manufacturing
Transform digital strategies involve adopting Industries 4.0
Optimize and modernize IT practices and portfolios. Use this research to learn the best practices, case studies and roadmaps to leverage and scale the technology portfolio
Organize the Data Lake and provide the capabilities to use the outputs
Approaches to introduce artificial intelligence (AI) to our manufacturing organization with relatable use cases to stimulate thinking of ideas where AI can influence efficiency and reduce waste.
Implement Machine Learnings Tools
Coordinate the Automation Roadmap:
Assess the operational landscape
Identify the right parameters
Evaluate the business process
Recommend level of automation
Land at the winning automation formula
Qualifications

Hard Skills

Please kindly note that you need to have an EU Working Permit (Orientation Year Visa not included) in order to proceed for this position.
Master’s degree in automation engineering mandatory
MBA
Work Experience: Had coordinated a Digital and Automation Road Map
Fluent in English
Advanced level in MS Excel and PowerPoint
Advanced level in PLCs knowledge
Programming skills (JavaScript, Python, Java, C#, PHP)
Coding and Scripting Expertise
Strong knowledge in Tableau or Power BI
Configuration Management (CM) Software Experience.
Experience to support executives in making complex decisions: ability to simplify, prioritize, structure and articulate the many decision criteria to enable the decision for the Company
Strong analytical skills to model manufacturing and logistics networks and operations. Ability to define the most effective way to model, understand which assumptions matter
Project management skills: knowledge and experience with best practices in project management, ability to interact with operations and commercial functions to understand priorities, get assumptions and buy-in
Professional Attributes
Resilience
You’re able to bounce back after a disappointment or set back, big or small. And always continue to move onward & upward.
Ability to Simplify
We like to keep it simple. And to execute fast. Your ability to simplify will be highly appreciated, when you provide simple solutions dealing with complex challenges.
Commercial Sense
You don’t only want to win ; you hate to lose . You’re always seeking for opportunities to expand your business and create more savings, while over delivering your targets.
Result driven
You don’t only focus on your own results, but always do what’s best for the company.
Empathy – listening to the customer
You’re known for your empathy. You listen more and talk less, and therefore truly understand your customer. With that mindset you create commercial chances to optimize the customer experience.
What we offer you
An ambitious employer; we only want to the best for you;
A fast career track like only few other companies can match;
International and multicultural environment;
A competitive salary and excellent bonus structure (above market);
Permanent contract; for we believe in doing big bets on people;
Always room for new ideas; if you have an excellent idea, please let us know and we can set it in action!
Location(s)
Amsterdam",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5c6eac52c4661d70&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=733b127b7a670383&assa=2104,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5c6eac52c4661d70&fccid=ef4be98af276034b&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
73,waste management,Indeed,p_009985594453ea45,Sr Software Engineer - Trust & Safety,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.As a Senior Software Engineer in the TnS team you will be relied on to independently develop and deliver high-quality features and finish tasks to a high standard. You’ll be part of an emerging team, focusing on building and improving state of the art moderation solutions for our global Classifieds businesses!What you will do?Design and implement a multi-tenant Trust and Safety solution which will run on GCP.Design system layers to support componentized and layered application development, including business functionality and database access.Take ownership of the project, work with other engineers, managers, product owner to develop innovative solutions that meet market needs.Build a high-performance, scalable, reliable solution consistent with development goals and principles.Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes.Independently design, code and test major features, as well as work jointly with other team members to deliver sophisticated changes.Identify technical areas for improvement and make business cases for improvements.QualificationsBS/MS in Computer Science or relatedProven experience in design, coding and testing of related applicationsStrong Software development skills with Java (J2EE, Kotlin, Scala, Web Services etc.). Kotlin knowledge will help you get started even fasterExperience with Cloud infrastructure, preferably Google Cloud, KubernetesExperience with large scale data-driven systems is a plusExperience with queueing systems, especially Kafka and Google Pub/Sub.Good understanding SQL/NOSQL databases. Elasticsearch knowledge is beneficialFamiliarity with microservice design patterns, continuous integration workflows, and continuous delivery conceptsFamiliarity with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform)Knowledge of web services ecosystem including: REST, JSON, and HTTP(S)Comfortable providing and receiving constructive feedback, particularly while participating in code reviewsFamiliar working in Agile teams and crafting software using Agile methodologies.Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirementsBenefits:Flexible working patterns and occasional work-from-home supportedPension schemeLife and disability insurance.Excellent parental leave policy available!Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority. We would like to share with you what we’re doing and what you can expect from us moving forward during the global pandemic.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures and tight restrictions to ensure effective social distancing. We will be sure to discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. In line with the restrictions and precautions, interview processes will generally be completed remotely over ZOOM calls.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=009985594453ea45&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0a98a536d338d8e8&assa=3522,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=009985594453ea45&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
74,waste management,Indeed,p_3332710b79dfc4f4,Technical Content Editor,Delta Electronics, Hoofddorp,"Company Description
Delta Group is the world's largest provider of switching power supplies and a major source for power management solutions, components, visual displays, industrial automation, networking products, and renewable energy solutions. Established in 1971, Delta Group has sales offices worldwide and manufacturing plants in Taiwan, Thailand, China, Mexico and Europe.
As a global leader in power electronics, Delta is committed to environment protection and has implemented green, lead-free production and recycling and waste management programs for many years. Delta's mission continues to be: ""To provide innovative energy-saving products for a better quality of life.”

Job Description
We are looking for a Technical Content Editor for our service operations in EMEA region. You will be responsible for structured and standardized transfer, implementation and maintenance of product specific content and workflow into the knowledge management system. The content and workflows created will help the support specialists in remotely assisting customers service related issues.
Your Key Responsibilites:
Structuring and standardization of content created by Master Service Engineer and Level 2 Support Specialists
Implementation and maintenance of technical content incl. manuals, legal and safety requirements in the Knowledge Management system
Implementation of workflows, checklists and decision trees in the Knowledge Management system
Alignment of new content with Master Service Engineer
Maintenance of FAQs
Content deletion of EOL products
Super user for Knowledge Management system incl. user administration

Qualifications

8+ Years of experience handling content for Knowledge Management systems
Excellent knowledge of Knowledge Management systems and functionality
Good technical understanding
Highly proficient in English - proficiency in German or French would be an advantage
Excellent communication and writing skills
Good MS Office knowledge
Experience with SharePoint, Photoshop and video editing software would be an advantage
Additional Information
Our Offer
As an innovative and global company, you are offered a friendly working atmosphere and a constructive working environment leaving much room for new possibilities and ideas. Use this opportunity and show us your motivation.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3332710b79dfc4f4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a1e4e9fc649ec915&assa=6057,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3332710b79dfc4f4&fccid=f3bc338228926a97&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
75,waste management,Indeed,p_0134ea7a635e8aab,Product Designer,Greetz, AmsterdamZuidoost,"We’re looking for a seasoned contributor that can deliver excellent design for our web platform and native apps. Detail and data obsessed, you’ll be happy working in a high ambiguity environment and possess the skills to raise the design bar at Greetz.Reporting to the Head of Product Design, you’ll be working on some of our most high value features, pairing with engineers, researchers and Product Managers as necessary. You’ll have autonomy over strategy and execution with guidance from a high profile leadership team and peers across the Product team.You’ll get the best of startup culture at a household-name company which helps millions of people each year show that they care.Your activitiesHelp manage and maintain Breekz Design SystemDefining and delivering intuitive, efficient and delightful user experiences across our website and appsWorking collaboratively in a flexible way with other Designers, Product Managers, Researchers, Engineers and StakeholdersHelping define design team processes through thought leadership and your ability to operate strategically as well as at a pixel levelWork closely with Product Managers to help facilitate ideation process, support limiting development waste and drive ideas validationProduce concepts and prototypes knowing when to deliver pixel-perfect solutions and when to make low fidelity sketches and prototypesHelping Product Design become even closer to EngineeringYour profile5+ years of experience designing high quality interfaces in App and Web devicesA strong understanding of interaction design, visual design, design patterns and user experience standardsWide range of prototyping techniques at various speeds and levels of fidelityExperience with Figma prototyping toolComfortable working in an agile, fast-paced environment to deliver high-quality work consistently in an iterative mannerHands on experience with UX Research techniquesUnderstanding of front and back-end technologies and capabilitiesAbility to communicate and defend design decisions in front of senior stakeholdersAbility to leverage data and formulate a compelling business case for design initiativesGrowth mindsetWhat we offer?We offer an inspiring job at one of Netherlands’ leading E-commerce organisations. We have an informal culture, with short communication lines. It is good to know that the office personnel works from home due to the Covid restrictions. We will hopefully get back to the office in the new year. This role will initially be for a period for one year, but with the option to extend.Application procedureThe interview process is intensive and consists of several steps. You will speak with the Greetz Recruiter and the Head of Product Design. Besides that we ask you to speak to the Product Design team and after that you will have to run through whiteboard exercises with your (hopefully) future colleagues. We’ll make it a ride, are you ready!About GreetzWith over 160 colleagues we work together on the same mission, delivering that smile to our customers. All our 3 million customers return to our online platform to look for that special present to surprise someone or to let somebody know that they’re thinking of them. We have a wide variety of products. We started 15 years ago by selling real cards online but have grown into the online platform for personal surprises such as flowers, balloons, photo gifts and cards. Since 2018 we are part of the Moonpig Group.Contractduur 12 maandenSoort dienstverband: Fulltime, Bepaalde tijdSalaris: €5.000,00 - €6.000,00 per maandAanvullende betalingen:BonusregelingVakantiegeldArbeidsvoorwaarden:GezondheidsprogrammaPensioenPersoneelskortingReiskostenvergoedingTelefoonplanVrijdagmiddagborrelWerk vanuit huisWerkschema:ma-vr",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Greetz/jobs/Product-Designer-0134ea7a635e8aab?fccid=a6ed037575b663b0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
76,waste management,Indeed,p_0b08e67577948c7b,Field Application Engineer (FAE) - Electrical Vehicle Charging Solution,Delta Electronics, Hoofddorp,"Company Description

Delta Group is the world's largest provider of switching power supplies and a major source for power management solutions, components, visual displays, industrial automation, networking products, and renewable energy solutions. Established in 1971, Delta Group has sales offices worldwide and manufacturing plants in Taiwan, Thailand, China, Mexico and Europe.
As a global leader in power electronics, Delta is committed to environment protection and has implemented green, lead-free production and recycling and waste management programs for many years. Delta's mission continues to be: ""To provide innovative energy-saving products for a better quality of life.”

Job Description

For our Electrical Vehicle Charging Solution (EVCS) Team we are searching for an experienced Field Application Engineer (FAE) to help grow our business in France from our office location in Hoofddorp.
Main Job Responsibilities:
Offer technical support to sales and product marketing in an accurate and timely manner
Support the process of tender preparation by creating proposals and advising on solutions
Support the identification of new market opportunities
Handling service requests and support resolving technical problems
Occasional on-site support for complex technical issues
Support the relationship management and service delivery for business accounts
Demonstrate a deep understanding of our company product lines

Qualifications

Bachelor/Master Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
3-5 years experience within Electric Vehicle Charging Solution, Energy Storage Systems or Power Conditioning Systems
Fluent English and French skills
Excellent technical knowledge and understanding of Electric Vehicle Charging Solutions and Energy Storage Systems.
Outstanding problem solving, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills
Capability to work independently and in international team
Customer focus, good communication and interpersonal skills
Possibility to travel occasionally
In passions of a driver’s license
Additional Information

Our Offer
As an innovative and global company, you are offered a friendly working atmosphere and a constructive working environment leaving much room for new possibilities and ideas. Use this opportunity and show us your motivation.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0b08e67577948c7b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6aec1e7c656ad416&assa=7606,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0b08e67577948c7b&fccid=f3bc338228926a97&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
77,waste management,Indeed,p_f36d735cd3d4114d,Graphic Design Intern,Healthy  Affordable, Amsterdam,"About Sapient: We are a social business catalysing sustainable environmental and social impact actions in our society, through multiple projects and collaborations. Sapient Social & Environmental Enterprises was established in 2016 and consists of a team of bright, young inspired individuals, from across the globe who dedicate themselves to stop food waste, renew democracy, provide local green energy solutions, and help other social businesses in their path to positive impact.Healthy and Affordable: H&Aff is an independent social business from Sapient whose aim is to reduce the amount of food being wasted in Amsterdam, starting from its collection and ending in its new market launch. The unwanted food is first collected from food suppliers then dehydrated, frozen and pickled. Our new product is then ready to be repackaged and finally put on the market again. All the profit that we earn from the product sales is invested back into the fight against food waste in Amsterdam.Graphic Designer: Do you enjoy web design? Are you an enthusiast of creating banners and playing around with different software? Would you like to apply your amazing talent and make the world a better place? Then search no more because we are looking for you!Your tasks will include: Making illustrations, editing images, designing and updating page layouts and web pages through Wix.Creating social media posts and collaborating with other departments and projects.Offline communication design such as banners, ads, logos, flyers, stickers, t-shirts etc.Meeting with clients to gain an understanding of their needs.2D animation and video editing.Do you fit our profile?Good communication skills,Excellent English speaking and writing skills,Open-minded and willing to learn and jump into projects,A software enthusiast (we generally work with the Adobe Suite so it would be ideal to know the basics of the most popular programs: Photoshop, Illustrator and Indesign),Some knowledge about visual communication in terms of how things relate to each other (text, images etc),Time management skills,Enjoys working in an international, challenging and social environment.What we offer: This is a non-paid internship. So what’s in it for you?A more in-depth understanding of social business and its social & environmental impact,The opportunity to participate in a dynamic, proactive and young environment,Autonomy and flexible working hours,The power to make a difference,The opportunity to acquire new skills, learn and grow,Amazing colleagues.Internship Details: Currently, we are looking for a new intern to join us from mid-march for a minimum of 3 months.Unfortunately, the internship is unpaid, however, you can choose the duration that suits you best (minimum of three months). Also, you can choose your own working hours as full-time or part-time as long as you strictly follow the program you set for yourself.Due to Corona restrictions, it is possible to work remotely for this position.About the team: Our interns are called Padawans who are highly motivated to make the world a better place. The Sapient team consists of people who are team-oriented, goal-driven, proactive, independent and open-minded. We work both in teams and individually. So, we are looking for like-minded people to join our team.To keep the team spirit during the Corona times, we have team meetings at least once a week and once a month we organize Sapient Days with fun online activities in order to welcome new Padawans and to strengthen our sense of belonging.Contact information: If this sounds appealing to you please send us your CV, motivation letter and portfolio (all documents must be in English). Make sure to include “Internship Application (position) MM.YY – MM.YY)” in the subject header with the position you are applying for and your dates of availability. We look forward to hearing from you!If you are applying from outside the EU and you do not have a working visa, please ensure that you sort out how you plan to arrange your stay in the Netherlands. We do not offer any assistance regarding visas and permits.Please, be aware that we review applications as we receive them. Therefore, we strongly suggest applying early to maximize your chances.Websites: https://www.sapientsee.com/https://sapientsee.wixsite.com/healthyandaffordableVerwachte startdatum: 15-3-2021Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, InternshipWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Graphic-Design-Intern-f36d735cd3d4114d?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
78,waste management,Indeed,p_87d17ee11ea6eef8,Senior Product / UX Designer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the business:Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!This role is located within our User Experience & Design team, where you are part of a group of Product designers, researchers and other UX specialists. Besides that, you also work in a cross-functional team that is focussed on creating the best experience in the field of advertising. Your goal is to create the most wonderful experience for our users by balancing their needs and the business needs of advertisers. In this team you will collaborate with a product manager, mobile/front-end developers, back-end developers, product analysts, data scientists, marketing, customer service and more.We’re looking for an experienced Product Designer that:Shows leadership in defining, communicating and executing a design vision & strategy in delivering strategic objectives.Applies strong partner leadership skills to balance user and business needs.Encourage and collaborate with people from other subject areas, like product managers, developers and data analysts.Owns and is accountable for all aspects of the design process.Is experienced in designing a multi-platform experience for Android, iOS and web.Knows how to apply modern Design Thinking methods. You are comfortable organising and leading Design sprints and/or workshops.Is comfortable in combining research and data insights to drive decision making in the designing and the solution exploration.Validates design solutions using both qualitative and quantitative methods.Is Proficient in English.Bonus points: experience in the e-commerce and/or advertising domain.What we offer you:The User Experience & Design team is a young and quickly evolving team that focuses on continuous improvement, for example through team training.Together we create an environment with a lot of opportunity to express yourself, share your ideas and collaborate to make it happen.Learning, education and personal development are key when you work at Marktplaats & 2dehands. You have influence in your growth path with your own education budget.The position you have as a designer in your cross-functional team gives you the opportunity to be part of defining and influence the direction of the critical initiatives of your team.Interested?From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment, just apply!Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=87d17ee11ea6eef8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7f1c725113222dbe&assa=9415,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=87d17ee11ea6eef8&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
79,waste management,Indeed,p_bf8d60760f89d26a,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bf8d60760f89d26a&fccid=b3b3910d8a95cab3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
80,waste management,Indeed,p_c0cc59e2a2139944,Senior Integrated Marketing Manager,ucp, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Marktplaats, 2dehands and 2ememain are part of eBay and the eBay Classifieds Group (eCG). It combines the energy of a start-up with the resources of one of the leading technology companies in the world. We offer the top 500 advertisers relevant ways to connect and communicate with our 11 million monthly unique users, customized integrations and partnerships. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We invite you to join us!
We are looking for:
Senior Integrated Marketing Manager to lead the development and execution of integrated marketing plans in NL/BE that drive business growth (via Acquisition and Retention tactics) and brand impact. Experienced marketing professional, who excels in turning ad hoc issues into opportunities by using strategic agility and strong executional skills, aligned with the vision and strategy of Marktplaats and 2dehands/2ememain.
In this role, he/she will work with a cross functional team of experts from Brand & Content Marketing, Precision Marketing, Insights & Analytics, PR, Product, Business owners (who all play a part in his/her success) to develop and execute annual marketing strategies, investment plans, and integrated campaigns across Paid, Owned and Earned channels.
He/she role will be responsible for the overall C2C marketing and brand performance of Marktplaats & 2dehands. His/her focus and knowledge of the market, consumers, culture and competitors will translate into deeper understanding of the market, what’s needed to win & ultimately contribute to execute relevant marketing plans and ROI driven investment strategies.
The role will be based in Amsterdam and will report to the eCG Benelux CMO.
Responsibilities:
‘Go-to-person’ for the overall C2C Marketing strategy, activation & ROI for NL / BE
Define market priorities, strategies, activation calendars, integrated campaigns briefs, messaging, channel mix & investments recos in close collaboration with various internal teams.
Work with Consumer Insights & Analytics stakeholders to develop market deep-dive analysis, define growth projections, audience understanding and required behavioural / mindset changes
Lead the development of Integrated Marketing briefs (for always on / adhoc campaigns) in close collaboration with content, precision, insights & analytics, PR, product…
Work with the above in the development and execution of fully integrated campaigns
Regularly report marketing and brand results against agreed KPIs
Lead recommendations of corrective actions to the plans during the year as needed
Understand NL or BE market in-side-out from a business perspective, keeps a pulse on what's going in that market (in collaboration with the Insights / analytics team), recommends plans adjustments during the year as needed
Share market learnings, further requirements and best practices across the wider eCG organization
Requirements:
Entrepreneurial, strong sense of ownership to build leading brands in NL/BE, and a drive to exceed marketing and business goals
Strong influencer and collaborator who can work with a variety of marketing and business teams in co-developing marketing priorities, calendars, plans and budgets
Analytical and data-driven to analyze category, competitive, consumer, product and brand data and identify the biggest marketing opportunities and goals for NL & BE
Strong knowledge of full Marketing Mix (Communications, Offline/Online/Performance Marketing Channels, CRM, PR, Front-End, App) to co-develop best-in-class integrated campaigns with relevant marketing teams
Strong project management to oversee the flawless execution of integrated Paid, Earned & Owned channel campaigns
Business results driven and financially savvy (ideally have had prior P&L or business results responsibility)
Strong interpersonal skills and leadership presence with the ability to influence and motivate people at all levels of the organization
Able to work independently and within a group to push projects to completion
Excellent organizational and project management skills
8-10+ years of professional marketing experience – ideally within ecommerce / pure player environment
Fluent English speaker
Masters degree in - ideally in Marketing, Economics",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c0cc59e2a2139944&fccid=bb700452bfc26e3c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
81,waste management,Indeed,p_0f214516158be02d,Senior Back End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
Ask any Dutch internet user about their favourite Marktplaats story. Observe their excitement about the great deal they found or the interesting people they met. They have made Marktplaats the most popular site and the most downloaded app made in the Netherlands.
This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career in Marktplaats and eBay.
Your growth will involve our highly-performant and high-traffic systems. During peak hours, our site's per-second throughput is OVER 1000 searches (which makes us the second most-used search engine in NL), 25K images and 4GB of data; Marktplaats handles over 1 million unique visitors, 350K new advertisements and 155K transactions daily. On an average month, we get 140 million visits, which translates into 2.5 billion page views. But our users demand more, so we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love.
What you can expect from us:
A collaborative, informal, international and playful work environment with self-organised, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Work with cool modern technologies such as Scala, Java, Kotlin, Node.js, Apache Kafka, Elasticsearch, Cassandra and more in a fast-evolving Microservices architecture
Access to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)
Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eBay Classifieds Group in trending topics like Machine Learning, AI, DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and others
Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work
Work on one of the most beloved brands in the Netherlands
The person we are looking for has extensive experience in on-line or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment. We expect the right person to be an expert in software engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems. We also believe that to be a well-rounded developer, one needs experience with more than just one programming language. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.
What we expect from you:
Java and Scala development
Some exposure to mobile application development (iOS/Android/HTML5)
Unix / Linux
Test driven development
Agile methodologies
Affinity for e-Commerce
A degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Building great products
Your responsibilities will include:
Be a key team member in development and design of new projects
Coaching of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)
Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them out
Help to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)
Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business create efficient and effective requirements
Work with international counterparts across the worldwide eBay Classifieds Group
Preferred Qualifications:
Native mobile application development (iOS/Android/Windows)
Knowledge of alternative languages like Python
Processing big data
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0f214516158be02d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c8fd7d9301273f0c&assa=8957,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0f214516158be02d&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
82,waste management,Indeed,p_45f4a14fa035ba35,"Software Engineer, Marketing Technology",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by crafting a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.As a Senior Software Engineer in the Marketing Technology team you will be relied on to independently develop and deliver high-quality features and finish tasks to a high standard. You’ll be part of an emerging team, focussing on building and improving our state of the art MarTech offerings utilizing Adobe Marketing suite and Google Cloud Platform!What is part of the job:Where no standard components are available, design and build high-performance, reusable, and reliable code.Coach fellow team members on (new) technology and design.Take ownership of project work and develop client relationships. Be a confident self-starter!Independently plan, design, code, debug and test major features, ensuring bugs are identified early and requirements are delivered.Identify technical areas for improvement and make business cases for improvements.Main requirement:For this position we are looking for a candidate with several years of Python experience with a focus on backend and data engineering.Desired skills and experience:Experience with Google Cloud Platform, preferably Google Cloud Storage, Big Query, Cloud Run, Cloud Functions and Pub Sub.Working experience of Big Query and Data Flow are a huge plus.Experience with PostgreSQL or similar SQL databases.Experience with unit testing and test automation frameworks for PythonGeneral DevOps principles and familiarity with tools like Terraform, GitHub and Jenkins.Knowledge of Adobe Marketing products such as Campaign and Audience Manager is a plus.Comfortable providing and receiving constructive feedback, particularly while participating in code reviews.Familiar working in Agile teams and crafting software using Agile methodologies.Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=45f4a14fa035ba35&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e815068e8f2fc822&assa=136,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=45f4a14fa035ba35&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
83,waste management,Indeed,p_c454debde3141ff2,Dutch Sales and Marketing Assistant for Netherlands Market -RELOCATION,Beliani GmbH, Amsterdam,"Beliani is a successful Swiss online retailer. Over multiple distribution channels we offer stylish designer indoor and outdoor furniture for compelling prices. With its main operation office in Poland (Szczecin), the company is rapidly expanding internationally and is looking for aDutch Sales and Marketing Assistant for Netherlands MarketSzczecin, PolandWhen you join our team you will be responsible for various topics from customer care, marketing, logistic and product management fields. We do not require years of experience in any of those fields, but a general understanding of the tools that we use, like Google Analytics, Google Ads, Facebook Ads Manager & Business Manager.RELOCATION TO SZCZECIN, POLANDYou will be an ideal candidate if: You are native / fluent in Dutch (min. C1);You have a communicative level of English (min. B1)You have an analytical and critical thinking skillsYou have rapid knowledge acquisition skills and an ability to focus on solving problemsYou are able to prioritize and plan your workYou like to be independent in action and have a proactive approach to entrusted tasksYou are Located in Szczecin (Poland) or willing to relocateShort description of your responsibilities: Customer Care: Providing information about company productsBuilding good relationships with current and potential customersAssisting customers throughout the purchasing experienceProcessing of customer ordersMarketing: Planning digital advertising campaigns on various sales channels and social mediaSales results analysis, reporting, improving functionality (Google Analytics, Facebook Ads Manager, sales platforms)Managing and controlling budgetsPlanning and implementing activities to increase brand awarenessCooperation with business partnersTranslation / content creation of e.g. newsletters, banners etc.ROI and KPI monitoring for individual campaigns and partnersSearching, implementing and optimizing new commercial partnerships with affiliate websites (price comparison, marketplaces, deal websites)Logistics: Planning and coordinating shipments to customers based on incoming ordersInvoice checking and optimizing of transport costsCooperation with the logistics and warehouse departmentsProduct Management: Testing and updating the online shop contentTranslating and introducing new offersWe are offering: International and young environment in a fast growing companyAttractive salary according to the experienceCareer advancement opportunitiesFull time employment contractFlexible working timePrivate healthcare packageMultisport cardDiscounts on furniture purchasesRelocation package and our support for candidates which will move to SzczecinEvery voice, every perspective matters. That’s why we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Our people are all talented in unrivalled ways: we come from diverse traditions, personal experiences and points of view. And we want to include yours. Join us and help reinvent the way people shop for home & living.Have we sparked your interest? Don't waste your time and opportunity, send us your CV in English and become part of the Beliani team!We will reply only to chosen Candidates.Job Types: Full-time, PermanentWork Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Beliani-GmbH/jobs/Dutch-Sales-Marketing-Assistant-Market-c454debde3141ff2?fccid=853cb21a58443c51&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
84,waste management,Indeed,p_604171ee7accdd16,Full-stack Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced full-stack engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, local engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better each dayEnsure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systemsBe an interface between Product Management, Design, Business and CustomersDrive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deploymentYour profile:Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatismVery good programming skills in Java and JavaScript (React.js, Webpack, Node.js)Knowledge around HTML 5/CSS 3 and relevant frameworksBeliever in teamwork and a DevOps mindsetExperience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and MavenExperience in manual testing and test automation (e.g. JUnit, Selenium, REST-assured)Experience with one or more storage technologies (SQL, Cassandra, Kafka, Solr, ES)Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutionsYou love freedom and don’t like being micromanaged. Given context, you’re capable of self-directionAbility to coach others in a field of expertiseIdeally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-PerformanceA BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a technical fieldBenefits
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here:https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=604171ee7accdd16&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a9cf6e1b5187793c&assa=2298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=604171ee7accdd16&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
85,waste management,Indeed,p_b1688a99e291c2f4,"Principal Backend Engineer, Data",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to build phenomenal relationships with the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.The central data teams play a key role in enhancing the user’s experience when browsing the website or using the app. It's our responsibility bringing to bear data to personalise the experience, showing relevant listings and advertising, guiding users when placing an advertisement and ensuring communication goes smoothly and without fraudulent messages. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.About the role:We are looking for an experienced software engineer with a consistent record in building data pipelines and data products at scale. You will partner closely with our data scientists, other engineers and product managers to create the technology that generates and transforms data into applications, insights and experiences for our users.You will mentor more junior developers by guiding them through architecture and procedures and helping them develop their engineering skills. You will help to continuously improve the development work in all areas from coding to testing.Our new colleague has extensive experience in online or a related area, with 8+ years of full-time employment. We expect the right person to be a guide in software engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to deal with large and/or distributed systems. We also believe that a well-rounded engineer has experience with more than just one programming language.What you will do:Work closely together with global tech, product and data science on new projects and enhancementsTranslate machine learning models and algorithms into cleanly coded and scalable data productsBuild and maintain highly scalable pipelines and clean datasets around key business metricsEnhance our data architecture to balance scale and performanceHere are some examples of our work:Machine Learning - build and enhance ML pipelines in the context of user profiling and segmentation, recommendations and search relevancyExperimentation - build and retain our central A/B experimentation and decision platformAnalytic Data Products - construct statistics engines using Clickhouse to power insights dashboardsData Pipelines - create real-time or batch pipelines or rewrite existing pipelines using Flink and/or Spark (Scala)Who are you:You are crafting code that is understandable, simple, and clean, and take pride in its refinementYou have an analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutionsYou've developed an expertise in building pipelines on large sophisticated datasets using Flink, Spark or other open source frameworksYou have expertise in Java and/or Scala programming languagesYou have knowledge and familiarity with distributed data stores (Casandra, Clickhouse, Elasticsearch) and pub-sub messaging systems (Kafka)You have experience or want to work with Linux, Docker, private/public cloudYou love freedom and don’t like being micromanaged. Given context, you're capable of self-directionYou are a sharp communicator who can explain sophisticated data problems in clear and concise languageYou are motivated to explore new technologies and learn and can do so without taking formal educationYou are eager to share your own ideas, and willingness to those of othersYou have a BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a technical fieldWhat you can expect from us:A informal, international and energetic work environment with self-organized, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teamsManagers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a personAccess to tools and resources to do your job (IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups across the eCG in trending topics such as Machine Learning, Infrastructure, Mobile Development, and othersContinuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your workWhat we offer:Dynamic, international teams with diverse personalities, a real passion for e-commerce, professionalism and a good sense of humor.Silicon Valley amenities, such as astonishing high spec MacBook Pros and extraordinary office facilities close to Amstel station.So, Interested?From the moment you join us we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b1688a99e291c2f4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=9f0a9f793104f56e&assa=3075,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1688a99e291c2f4&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
86,waste management,Indeed,p_b1282f0ca0bf82b0,DevOps Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG)is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.Marktplaats is part of the Ebay Classifieds Group(eCG), and from our Amsterdam office we serve Marktplaats.nl, 2dehands.be/2ememain.be and Gumtree.We are an international team (26 countries!) of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us! This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career.Your growth will involve our highly-performant and high-traffic systems. During peak hours, our site’s per-second throughput is OVER 1000 searches (which makes us the second most-used search engine in NL), 25K images and 4GB of data; Marktplaats handles over 1 million unique visitors, 350K new advertisements and 155K transactions daily. On an average month, we get 140 million visits, which translates into 2.5 billion page views. But our users demand more, so we are constantly evolving our platform to deliver the experience our customers love.What you can expect from us?An informal, international and energetic work environment with self-organised, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teamsManagers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a personWork with cool modern technologies such as Scala, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Elasticsearch, Apache Kafka, Cassandra, Consul, Node.js, React, Swift and PlayAccess to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eCG in trending topics like DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and othersContinuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your workWhat we expect from you?We are looking for is an experienced Site Operations engineer with a passion for open source products and systems automation.What you’ll doParticipate in the on-call support, system operations/administrations, workflow, and rotation. Recommend and implement tuning, scaling and preventive solutions.Manage the provisioning and operations of our infrastructure and environments. Most of our applications are on private cloud build upon OpenStack and GPC.Build and own the software tools and develop practices to focus on automation across provisioning, integration, and deployment focusing on self service.Own the instrumentation of common libraries, that enable Product Development working with our infrastructure.Make monitoring and alerting solutions alert on symptoms and not on outages. Let’s find issues before our customers or partners do.Document every action so your findings turn into repeatable actions–and then into automation.Install, manage and maintain large distributed database clusters, like Cassandra or CockroachDB, or large scale ElasticSearch or Kafka clusters for our search or logging needs.Debug production issues across multiple systems and different levels of the stackLead the growth of infrastructure and automation across the boardWho you areStrong experience managing, maintaining, and automating infrastructureDeep hands on experience managing and maintaining Linux systems.Proficient in at least one higher order scripting language (e.g. Python)Strong experience automating the integration and deployment of software (e.g. Jenkins)Strong experience using logging and monitoring tools to improve observability across systems (e.g.(Grafana, Kibana, Prometheus, Metric Tank)Experience with Terraform or other configuration management systems.Experience with Databases (e.g. MySQL / Cassandra/ CRDB) and Middleware Infrastructure.Experience with on-call support tools and processes.Experience troubleshooting and tuning JVM-based server applications.Solid understanding of the TCP/IP stack, internet routing and load balancing.Skills: Able to identify and drive improvements to make the system more fault-tolerant and better scalable, and work cross-functionally to implement those improvements.Knowledge: You can practice sustainable incident response handling, and have the ability and desire to debug, and optimize code, and automate routine tasks.Mentality: You are open to feedback. Able to work in a fast paced environment, make quick informed decisions, take ownership, and handle pressure.Interested?From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b1282f0ca0bf82b0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=41e0f18997369480&assa=3966,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1282f0ca0bf82b0&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
87,waste management,Indeed,p_31a6593ba62d165b,"Senior Software Engineer, Marketing Tech",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by crafting a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.As a Senior Software Engineer in the Marketing Technology team you will be relied on to independently develop and deliver high-quality features and finish tasks to a high standard. You’ll be part of an emerging team, focussing on building and improving our state of the art MarTech offerings utilizing Adobe Marketing suite and Google Cloud Platform!What is part of the job:Where no standard components are available, design and build high-performance, reusable, and reliable code.Coach fellow team members on (new) technology and design.Take ownership of project work and develop client relationships. Be a confident self-starter!Independently plan, design, code, debug and test major features, ensuring bugs are identified early and requirements are delivered.Identify technical areas for improvement and make business cases for improvements.Main requirement:For this position we are looking for a candidate with several years of Python experience with a focus on backend and data engineering.Desired skills and experience:Experience with Google Cloud Platform, preferably Google Cloud Storage, Big Query, Cloud Run, Cloud Functions and Pub Sub.Working experience of Big Query and Data Flow are a huge plus.Experience with PostgreSQL or similar SQL databases.Experience with unit testing and test automation frameworks for PythonGeneral DevOps principles and familiarity with tools like Terraform, GitHub and Jenkins.Knowledge of Adobe Marketing products such as Campaign and Audience Manager is a plus.Comfortable providing and receiving constructive feedback, particularly while participating in code reviews.Familiar working in Agile teams and crafting software using Agile methodologies.Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=135e8f0bc18ce042&assa=4797,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
88,waste management,Indeed,p_9b55f22dd5a41188,Senior Business Controller,Xanthic, Amsterdam,"The Company

For one of Europe’s most sustainable biodiesel producers and fuel suppliers, we are looking for a Senior Business Controller.
The Company was established in 2001 and is involved in the manufacture of large scale commercial biodiesel. The award-winning Company makes its clean, green road fuel by recycling wastes and residues from other industries - specifically waste from the food industry and tallow from the meat industry. It has also pioneered the use of low grade waste fats and oils such as “fatbergs” from the UK’s water industry.
As well as supplying bulk biodiesel to European customers, they specialise in the supply of high grade, sustainable diesel for fleet operators, delivering to over 100 UK depots. They provide the best economic value to their customers along with a range of greenhouse gas savings from their products.
By producing environmental fuel, their aim is to contribute to the global battle against climate change and help maximise the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from transport. The Company has three manufacturing facilities for waste-based biodiesel and continues to invest in further growth.
In 2013 the group was acquired by a leading private investment company and in 2018 reached agreement to buy biodiesel production facilities, tank storage and cleaning facilities in the Netherlands. The addition of these facilities represents the first step for the company in replicating its successful business outside the UK. The company is now located in the Netherlands, Scotland and North West England.


The Position

The Senior Business Partner NL is the most senior financial role within the Netherlands. The position will play a key role in the planning and coordination of the annual budgeting process to create a business plan that reflects the organisation’s goals and long-term strategy for the Netherlands.
The Finance Department is currently creating a shared service center and has recently implemented a new ERP system. This role will work closely with the Group Head of Management Accounting to develop improved management reporting and analysis in the company, to drive performance imrpovement and support further investment. The role will play a key role in helping to implement an improved reporting system to complement the ERP system.
The main purpose of this position is to interpret financial analysis within the Netherlands in order to influence business partners to make timely interventions or to support commercial decisions. Working as part of a team, this role will contribute to the production of consolidated performance reporting and regular forecasts of expected outcomes for the group and liaise as a business partner with the relevant departments, this includes the traders.
You are also responsible for coordinating the budget process, gaining a deep understanding of the cost levers underpinning financial performance, support the growth and development of the management accountant in NL and will be involved in M&A related activities where relevant.
Please find the key responsibilities below:
Working with senior business partners to support delivery of departmental goals, as reflected in financial targets and budgetsCoordinating the annual budget process and securing buy-in from key stakeholdersProducing regular reforecasts using business knowledge of current performance trendsSupporting the production of longer-term forecasts that stretch beyond the annual budget.Analysing management reports to provide insightful performance commentary.Investigating the cause of deviations from target performance, working with the business partners to initiate timely interventions.Gaining a deep understanding of the cost levers underpinning financial performance and sharing this with business partners to initiate improvements where possible.Contribute to the ongoing development of the ERP system and other supporting tools to automate as much reporting as possible.Meeting with business partners on a regular basis to build successful relationships, resulting in better business knowledge and increased commercial acumen.Collaborating with other team members to maintain a high performing finance function.Contributing to the development of business cases and financial models for new investment opportunitiesSeeking opportunities to continually develop skills and management accounting expertise.Supporting the growth and development of the management accountants.Developing business cases and financial models for new investment opportunities which are consistent with business strategy.


Job QualificationsMaster’s Degree in Accounting, Control or Finance;Broad financial expertise gained in a process manufacturing industry e.g. chemicals or oilsExperience of working with business partners in an engineering or production management roleLeadership experienceAbility to analyse and interpret financial dataExperience of creating bespoke reports to meet a current business needPrevious use of ERP systems such as SAP or OracleExperience of using alternative data warehousing or reporting tools such as Hyperion, Power BI or othersUse of all Microsoft Office packages with strong Excel skillsGood communication skills – able to interpret complex financial data and explain it simply.Evidence of initiative – self-starter, developing new ways of reporting or analysing data.Analytical skills – comfortable working with large amounts of data from multiple sources.Interpersonal skills – able to form successful working relationshipsChallenger mentality – confident to challenge and drive continual improvement.Reporting skills – produce quality analysis or output that is meaningful to recipients.Ability to operate calmly under pressure.
Offer
Gross Annual Salary: EUR 90.000,- - EUR 110.000,- + Bonus + other benefits",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9b55f22dd5a41188&fccid=93f7697284c903c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
89,waste management,Indeed,p_a6c56ed688203a68,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a6c56ed688203a68&fccid=8fb6dd3ae3062827&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
90,waste management,Indeed,p_42214aeef16bb503,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=42214aeef16bb503&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
91,waste management,Indeed,p_a2d5d5b8c5903926,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a2d5d5b8c5903926&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
92,waste management,Indeed,p_ad0a23ddb63dcf3c,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ad0a23ddb63dcf3c&fccid=55ab05b56eddf8a9&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
93,waste management,Indeed,p_b45a814f27dc88ec,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b45a814f27dc88ec&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
94,waste management,Indeed,p_31bca3eece1eb83f,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&fccid=a666093538a842fa&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
95,waste management,Indeed,p_fc536416856acd3f,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fc536416856acd3f&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
96,waste management,Indeed,p_de0abfc8b742638f,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=de0abfc8b742638f&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
97,waste management,Indeed,p_fd2c72b3d63f88a1,Senior Integrated Marketing Manager,ucp, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Marktplaats, 2dehands and 2ememain are part of eBay and the eBay Classifieds Group (eCG). It combines the energy of a start-up with the resources of one of the leading technology companies in the world. We offer the top 500 advertisers relevant ways to connect and communicate with our 11 million monthly unique users, customized integrations and partnerships. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We invite you to join us!
We are looking for:
Senior Integrated Marketing Manager to lead the development and execution of integrated marketing plans in NL/BE that drive business growth (via Acquisition and Retention tactics) and brand impact. Experienced marketing professional, who excels in turning ad hoc issues into opportunities by using strategic agility and strong executional skills, aligned with the vision and strategy of Marktplaats and 2dehands/2ememain.
In this role, he/she will work with a cross functional team of experts from Brand & Content Marketing, Precision Marketing, Insights & Analytics, PR, Product, Business owners (who all play a part in his/her success) to develop and execute annual marketing strategies, investment plans, and integrated campaigns across Paid, Owned and Earned channels.
He/she role will be responsible for the overall C2C marketing and brand performance of Marktplaats & 2dehands. His/her focus and knowledge of the market, consumers, culture and competitors will translate into deeper understanding of the market, what’s needed to win & ultimately contribute to execute relevant marketing plans and ROI driven investment strategies.
The role will be based in Amsterdam and will report to the eCG Benelux CMO.
Responsibilities:
‘Go-to-person’ for the overall C2C Marketing strategy, activation & ROI for NL / BE
Define market priorities, strategies, activation calendars, integrated campaigns briefs, messaging, channel mix & investments recos in close collaboration with various internal teams.
Work with Consumer Insights & Analytics stakeholders to develop market deep-dive analysis, define growth projections, audience understanding and required behavioural / mindset changes
Lead the development of Integrated Marketing briefs (for always on / adhoc campaigns) in close collaboration with content, precision, insights & analytics, PR, product…
Work with the above in the development and execution of fully integrated campaigns
Regularly report marketing and brand results against agreed KPIs
Lead recommendations of corrective actions to the plans during the year as needed
Understand NL or BE market in-side-out from a business perspective, keeps a pulse on what's going in that market (in collaboration with the Insights / analytics team), recommends plans adjustments during the year as needed
Share market learnings, further requirements and best practices across the wider eCG organization
Requirements:
Entrepreneurial, strong sense of ownership to build leading brands in NL/BE, and a drive to exceed marketing and business goals
Strong influencer and collaborator who can work with a variety of marketing and business teams in co-developing marketing priorities, calendars, plans and budgets
Analytical and data-driven to analyze category, competitive, consumer, product and brand data and identify the biggest marketing opportunities and goals for NL & BE
Strong knowledge of full Marketing Mix (Communications, Offline/Online/Performance Marketing Channels, CRM, PR, Front-End, App) to co-develop best-in-class integrated campaigns with relevant marketing teams
Strong project management to oversee the flawless execution of integrated Paid, Earned & Owned channel campaigns
Business results driven and financially savvy (ideally have had prior P&L or business results responsibility)
Strong interpersonal skills and leadership presence with the ability to influence and motivate people at all levels of the organization
Able to work independently and within a group to push projects to completion
Excellent organizational and project management skills
8-10+ years of professional marketing experience – ideally within ecommerce / pure player environment
Fluent English speaker
Masters degree in - ideally in Marketing, Economics",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fd2c72b3d63f88a1&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
98,waste management,Indeed,p_77a13eb23b9923f2,Senior Back End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
Ask any Dutch internet user about their favourite Marktplaats story. Observe their excitement about the great deal they found or the interesting people they met. They have made Marktplaats the most popular site and the most downloaded app made in the Netherlands.
This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career in Marktplaats and eBay.
Your growth will involve our highly-performant and high-traffic systems. During peak hours, our site's per-second throughput is OVER 1000 searches (which makes us the second most-used search engine in NL), 25K images and 4GB of data; Marktplaats handles over 1 million unique visitors, 350K new advertisements and 155K transactions daily. On an average month, we get 140 million visits, which translates into 2.5 billion page views. But our users demand more, so we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love.
What you can expect from us:
A collaborative, informal, international and playful work environment with self-organised, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Work with cool modern technologies such as Scala, Java, Kotlin, Node.js, Apache Kafka, Elasticsearch, Cassandra and more in a fast-evolving Microservices architecture
Access to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)
Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eBay Classifieds Group in trending topics like Machine Learning, AI, DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and others
Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work
Work on one of the most beloved brands in the Netherlands
The person we are looking for has extensive experience in on-line or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment. We expect the right person to be an expert in software engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems. We also believe that to be a well-rounded developer, one needs experience with more than just one programming language. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.
What we expect from you:
Java and Scala development
Some exposure to mobile application development (iOS/Android/HTML5)
Unix / Linux
Test driven development
Agile methodologies
Affinity for e-Commerce
A degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Building great products
Your responsibilities will include:
Be a key team member in development and design of new projects
Coaching of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)
Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them out
Help to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)
Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business create efficient and effective requirements
Work with international counterparts across the worldwide eBay Classifieds Group
Preferred Qualifications:
Native mobile application development (iOS/Android/Windows)
Knowledge of alternative languages like Python
Processing big data
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel Marktplaats is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0f214516158be02d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2adec340e6f735a1&assa=6780,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=77a13eb23b9923f2&fccid=4da65fba5d6c0229&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
99,waste management,Indeed,p_3d309f253d4b2813,"Software Engineer, Marketing Technology",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by crafting a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.As a Senior Software Engineer in the Marketing Technology team you will be relied on to independently develop and deliver high-quality features and finish tasks to a high standard. You’ll be part of an emerging team, focussing on building and improving our state of the art MarTech offerings utilizing Adobe Marketing suite and Google Cloud Platform!What is part of the job:Where no standard components are available, design and build high-performance, reusable, and reliable code.Coach fellow team members on (new) technology and design.Take ownership of project work and develop client relationships. Be a confident self-starter!Independently plan, design, code, debug and test major features, ensuring bugs are identified early and requirements are delivered.Identify technical areas for improvement and make business cases for improvements.Main requirement:For this position we are looking for a candidate with several years of Python experience with a focus on backend and data engineering.Desired skills and experience:Experience with Google Cloud Platform, preferably Google Cloud Storage, Big Query, Cloud Run, Cloud Functions and Pub Sub.Working experience of Big Query and Data Flow are a huge plus.Experience with PostgreSQL or similar SQL databases.Experience with unit testing and test automation frameworks for PythonGeneral DevOps principles and familiarity with tools like Terraform, GitHub and Jenkins.Knowledge of Adobe Marketing products such as Campaign and Audience Manager is a plus.Comfortable providing and receiving constructive feedback, particularly while participating in code reviews.Familiar working in Agile teams and crafting software using Agile methodologies.Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=45f4a14fa035ba35&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=5246af0f58603740&assa=7816,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3d309f253d4b2813&fccid=023b97fcad83c483&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
100,waste management,Indeed,p_df9c8637f4ff7968,Dutch Sales and Marketing Assistant for Netherlands Market -RELOCATION,Beliani GmbH, Amsterdam,"Beliani is a successful Swiss online retailer. Over multiple distribution channels we offer stylish designer indoor and outdoor furniture for compelling prices. With its main operation office in Poland (Szczecin), the company is rapidly expanding internationally and is looking for aDutch Sales and Marketing Assistant for Netherlands MarketSzczecin, PolandWhen you join our team you will be responsible for various topics from customer care, marketing, logistic and product management fields. We do not require years of experience in any of those fields, but a general understanding of the tools that we use, like Google Analytics, Google Ads, Facebook Ads Manager & Business Manager.RELOCATION TO SZCZECIN, POLANDYou will be an ideal candidate if: You are native / fluent in Dutch (min. C1);You have a communicative level of English (min. B1)You have an analytical and critical thinking skillsYou have rapid knowledge acquisition skills and an ability to focus on solving problemsYou are able to prioritize and plan your workYou like to be independent in action and have a proactive approach to entrusted tasksYou are Located in Szczecin (Poland) or willing to relocateShort description of your responsibilities: Customer Care: Providing information about company productsBuilding good relationships with current and potential customersAssisting customers throughout the purchasing experienceProcessing of customer ordersMarketing: Planning digital advertising campaigns on various sales channels and social mediaSales results analysis, reporting, improving functionality (Google Analytics, Facebook Ads Manager, sales platforms)Managing and controlling budgetsPlanning and implementing activities to increase brand awarenessCooperation with business partnersTranslation / content creation of e.g. newsletters, banners etc.ROI and KPI monitoring for individual campaigns and partnersSearching, implementing and optimizing new commercial partnerships with affiliate websites (price comparison, marketplaces, deal websites)Logistics: Planning and coordinating shipments to customers based on incoming ordersInvoice checking and optimizing of transport costsCooperation with the logistics and warehouse departmentsProduct Management: Testing and updating the online shop contentTranslating and introducing new offersWe are offering: International and young environment in a fast growing companyAttractive salary according to the experienceCareer advancement opportunitiesFull time employment contractFlexible working timePrivate healthcare packageMultisport cardDiscounts on furniture purchasesRelocation package and our support for candidates which will move to SzczecinEvery voice, every perspective matters. That’s why we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Our people are all talented in unrivalled ways: we come from diverse traditions, personal experiences and points of view. And we want to include yours. Join us and help reinvent the way people shop for home & living.Have we sparked your interest? Don't waste your time and opportunity, send us your CV in English and become part of the Beliani team!We will reply only to chosen Candidates.Job Types: Full-time, PermanentWork Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=df9c8637f4ff7968&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,business services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,M,0.42133726647000985,0.5786627335299902,0.35693215339233036,0.6425762045231072,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
101,waste management,Indeed,p_724d89911cd07b83,Full-stack Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced full-stack engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, local engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better each dayEnsure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systemsBe an interface between Product Management, Design, Business and CustomersDrive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deploymentYour profile:Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatismVery good programming skills in Java and JavaScript (React.js, Webpack, Node.js)Knowledge around HTML 5/CSS 3 and relevant frameworksBeliever in teamwork and a DevOps mindsetExperience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and MavenExperience in manual testing and test automation (e.g. JUnit, Selenium, REST-assured)Experience with one or more storage technologies (SQL, Cassandra, Kafka, Solr, ES)Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutionsYou love freedom and don’t like being micromanaged. Given context, you’re capable of self-directionAbility to coach others in a field of expertiseIdeally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-PerformanceA BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a technical fieldBenefits
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here:https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=604171ee7accdd16&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=75589aa750cbbb01&assa=561,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=724d89911cd07b83&fccid=df683066c96ea831&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
102,waste management,Indeed,p_e04d8e91959a5565,"Principal Backend Engineer, Data",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to build phenomenal relationships with the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.The central data teams play a key role in enhancing the user’s experience when browsing the website or using the app. It's our responsibility bringing to bear data to personalise the experience, showing relevant listings and advertising, guiding users when placing an advertisement and ensuring communication goes smoothly and without fraudulent messages. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.About the role:We are looking for an experienced software engineer with a consistent record in building data pipelines and data products at scale. You will partner closely with our data scientists, other engineers and product managers to create the technology that generates and transforms data into applications, insights and experiences for our users.You will mentor more junior developers by guiding them through architecture and procedures and helping them develop their engineering skills. You will help to continuously improve the development work in all areas from coding to testing.Our new colleague has extensive experience in online or a related area, with 8+ years of full-time employment. We expect the right person to be a guide in software engineering and have good knowledge of what it means to deal with large and/or distributed systems. We also believe that a well-rounded engineer has experience with more than just one programming language.What you will do:Work closely together with global tech, product and data science on new projects and enhancementsTranslate machine learning models and algorithms into cleanly coded and scalable data productsBuild and maintain highly scalable pipelines and clean datasets around key business metricsEnhance our data architecture to balance scale and performanceHere are some examples of our work:Machine Learning - build and enhance ML pipelines in the context of user profiling and segmentation, recommendations and search relevancyExperimentation - build and retain our central A/B experimentation and decision platformAnalytic Data Products - construct statistics engines using Clickhouse to power insights dashboardsData Pipelines - create real-time or batch pipelines or rewrite existing pipelines using Flink and/or Spark (Scala)Who are you:You are crafting code that is understandable, simple, and clean, and take pride in its refinementYou have an analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutionsYou've developed an expertise in building pipelines on large sophisticated datasets using Flink, Spark or other open source frameworksYou have expertise in Java and/or Scala programming languagesYou have knowledge and familiarity with distributed data stores (Casandra, Clickhouse, Elasticsearch) and pub-sub messaging systems (Kafka)You have experience or want to work with Linux, Docker, private/public cloudYou love freedom and don’t like being micromanaged. Given context, you're capable of self-directionYou are a sharp communicator who can explain sophisticated data problems in clear and concise languageYou are motivated to explore new technologies and learn and can do so without taking formal educationYou are eager to share your own ideas, and willingness to those of othersYou have a BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a technical fieldWhat you can expect from us:A informal, international and energetic work environment with self-organized, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teamsManagers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a personAccess to tools and resources to do your job (IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups across the eCG in trending topics such as Machine Learning, Infrastructure, Mobile Development, and othersContinuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your workWhat we offer:Dynamic, international teams with diverse personalities, a real passion for e-commerce, professionalism and a good sense of humor.Silicon Valley amenities, such as astonishing high spec MacBook Pros and extraordinary office facilities close to Amstel station.So, Interested?From the moment you join us we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b1688a99e291c2f4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4697aa9f6c1aedb&assa=1841,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e04d8e91959a5565&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
103,waste management,Indeed,p_a6c5eba87c04fb8a,DevOps Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG)is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.Marktplaats is part of the Ebay Classifieds Group(eCG), and from our Amsterdam office we serve Marktplaats.nl, 2dehands.be/2ememain.be and Gumtree.We are an international team (26 countries!) of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us! This is a big responsibility; you will work on high-availability servers, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career.Your growth will involve our highly-performant and high-traffic systems. During peak hours, our site’s per-second throughput is OVER 1000 searches (which makes us the second most-used search engine in NL), 25K images and 4GB of data; Marktplaats handles over 1 million unique visitors, 350K new advertisements and 155K transactions daily. On an average month, we get 140 million visits, which translates into 2.5 billion page views. But our users demand more, so we are constantly evolving our platform to deliver the experience our customers love.What you can expect from us?An informal, international and energetic work environment with self-organised, multi-disciplinary agile/lean teamsManagers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a personWork with cool modern technologies such as Scala, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Elasticsearch, Apache Kafka, Cassandra, Consul, Node.js, React, Swift and PlayAccess to tools and resources to do your job (best-in-class laptop, IDEs, Safari Online subscription, conferences and meetups, all the coffee and soda you can drink, and much more)Ability to join and participate in multiple internal interest groups in Marktplaats and across eCG in trending topics like DevOps, BigData, mobile development, and othersContinuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your workWhat we expect from you?We are looking for is an experienced Site Operations engineer with a passion for open source products and systems automation.What you’ll doParticipate in the on-call support, system operations/administrations, workflow, and rotation. Recommend and implement tuning, scaling and preventive solutions.Manage the provisioning and operations of our infrastructure and environments. Most of our applications are on private cloud build upon OpenStack and GPC.Build and own the software tools and develop practices to focus on automation across provisioning, integration, and deployment focusing on self service.Own the instrumentation of common libraries, that enable Product Development working with our infrastructure.Make monitoring and alerting solutions alert on symptoms and not on outages. Let’s find issues before our customers or partners do.Document every action so your findings turn into repeatable actions–and then into automation.Install, manage and maintain large distributed database clusters, like Cassandra or CockroachDB, or large scale ElasticSearch or Kafka clusters for our search or logging needs.Debug production issues across multiple systems and different levels of the stackLead the growth of infrastructure and automation across the boardWho you areStrong experience managing, maintaining, and automating infrastructureDeep hands on experience managing and maintaining Linux systems.Proficient in at least one higher order scripting language (e.g. Python)Strong experience automating the integration and deployment of software (e.g. Jenkins)Strong experience using logging and monitoring tools to improve observability across systems (e.g.(Grafana, Kibana, Prometheus, Metric Tank)Experience with Terraform or other configuration management systems.Experience with Databases (e.g. MySQL / Cassandra/ CRDB) and Middleware Infrastructure.Experience with on-call support tools and processes.Experience troubleshooting and tuning JVM-based server applications.Solid understanding of the TCP/IP stack, internet routing and load balancing.Skills: Able to identify and drive improvements to make the system more fault-tolerant and better scalable, and work cross-functionally to implement those improvements.Knowledge: You can practice sustainable incident response handling, and have the ability and desire to debug, and optimize code, and automate routine tasks.Mentality: You are open to feedback. Able to work in a fast paced environment, make quick informed decisions, take ownership, and handle pressure.Interested?From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then apply and send us your CV.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b1282f0ca0bf82b0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b16cc542909fb329&assa=2853,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a6c5eba87c04fb8a&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
104,waste management,Indeed,p_3c11fae077652126,"Senior Software Engineer, Marketing Tech",eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by crafting a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.About the team:Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to connect to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eBay Classifieds Group already has a presence and in prospective markets.As a Senior Software Engineer in the Marketing Technology team you will be relied on to independently develop and deliver high-quality features and finish tasks to a high standard. You’ll be part of an emerging team, focussing on building and improving our state of the art MarTech offerings utilizing Adobe Marketing suite and Google Cloud Platform!What is part of the job:Where no standard components are available, design and build high-performance, reusable, and reliable code.Coach fellow team members on (new) technology and design.Take ownership of project work and develop client relationships. Be a confident self-starter!Independently plan, design, code, debug and test major features, ensuring bugs are identified early and requirements are delivered.Identify technical areas for improvement and make business cases for improvements.Main requirement:For this position we are looking for a candidate with several years of Python experience with a focus on backend and data engineering.Desired skills and experience:Experience with Google Cloud Platform, preferably Google Cloud Storage, Big Query, Cloud Run, Cloud Functions and Pub Sub.Working experience of Big Query and Data Flow are a huge plus.Experience with PostgreSQL or similar SQL databases.Experience with unit testing and test automation frameworks for PythonGeneral DevOps principles and familiarity with tools like Terraform, GitHub and Jenkins.Knowledge of Adobe Marketing products such as Campaign and Audience Manager is a plus.Comfortable providing and receiving constructive feedback, particularly while participating in code reviews.Familiar working in Agile teams and crafting software using Agile methodologies.Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements.Benefits:Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/Covid-19People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=18cf45ac977759af&assa=4190,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3c11fae077652126&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
105,waste management,Indeed,p_40de693aeeab18e3,Senior Business Controller,Xanthic, Amsterdam,"The Company

For one of Europe’s most sustainable biodiesel producers and fuel suppliers, we are looking for a Senior Business Controller.
The Company was established in 2001 and is involved in the manufacture of large scale commercial biodiesel. The award-winning Company makes its clean, green road fuel by recycling wastes and residues from other industries - specifically waste from the food industry and tallow from the meat industry. It has also pioneered the use of low grade waste fats and oils such as “fatbergs” from the UK’s water industry.
As well as supplying bulk biodiesel to European customers, they specialise in the supply of high grade, sustainable diesel for fleet operators, delivering to over 100 UK depots. They provide the best economic value to their customers along with a range of greenhouse gas savings from their products.
By producing environmental fuel, their aim is to contribute to the global battle against climate change and help maximise the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from transport. The Company has three manufacturing facilities for waste-based biodiesel and continues to invest in further growth.
In 2013 the group was acquired by a leading private investment company and in 2018 reached agreement to buy biodiesel production facilities, tank storage and cleaning facilities in the Netherlands. The addition of these facilities represents the first step for the company in replicating its successful business outside the UK. The company is now located in the Netherlands, Scotland and North West England.


The Position

The Senior Business Partner NL is the most senior financial role within the Netherlands. The position will play a key role in the planning and coordination of the annual budgeting process to create a business plan that reflects the organisation’s goals and long-term strategy for the Netherlands.
The Finance Department is currently creating a shared service center and has recently implemented a new ERP system. This role will work closely with the Group Head of Management Accounting to develop improved management reporting and analysis in the company, to drive performance imrpovement and support further investment. The role will play a key role in helping to implement an improved reporting system to complement the ERP system.
The main purpose of this position is to interpret financial analysis within the Netherlands in order to influence business partners to make timely interventions or to support commercial decisions. Working as part of a team, this role will contribute to the production of consolidated performance reporting and regular forecasts of expected outcomes for the group and liaise as a business partner with the relevant departments, this includes the traders.
You are also responsible for coordinating the budget process, gaining a deep understanding of the cost levers underpinning financial performance, support the growth and development of the management accountant in NL and will be involved in M&A related activities where relevant.
Please find the key responsibilities below:
Working with senior business partners to support delivery of departmental goals, as reflected in financial targets and budgetsCoordinating the annual budget process and securing buy-in from key stakeholdersProducing regular reforecasts using business knowledge of current performance trendsSupporting the production of longer-term forecasts that stretch beyond the annual budget.Analysing management reports to provide insightful performance commentary.Investigating the cause of deviations from target performance, working with the business partners to initiate timely interventions.Gaining a deep understanding of the cost levers underpinning financial performance and sharing this with business partners to initiate improvements where possible.Contribute to the ongoing development of the ERP system and other supporting tools to automate as much reporting as possible.Meeting with business partners on a regular basis to build successful relationships, resulting in better business knowledge and increased commercial acumen.Collaborating with other team members to maintain a high performing finance function.Contributing to the development of business cases and financial models for new investment opportunitiesSeeking opportunities to continually develop skills and management accounting expertise.Supporting the growth and development of the management accountants.Developing business cases and financial models for new investment opportunities which are consistent with business strategy.


Job QualificationsMaster’s Degree in Accounting, Control or Finance;Broad financial expertise gained in a process manufacturing industry e.g. chemicals or oilsExperience of working with business partners in an engineering or production management roleLeadership experienceAbility to analyse and interpret financial dataExperience of creating bespoke reports to meet a current business needPrevious use of ERP systems such as SAP or OracleExperience of using alternative data warehousing or reporting tools such as Hyperion, Power BI or othersUse of all Microsoft Office packages with strong Excel skillsGood communication skills – able to interpret complex financial data and explain it simply.Evidence of initiative – self-starter, developing new ways of reporting or analysing data.Analytical skills – comfortable working with large amounts of data from multiple sources.Interpersonal skills – able to form successful working relationshipsChallenger mentality – confident to challenge and drive continual improvement.Reporting skills – produce quality analysis or output that is meaningful to recipients.Ability to operate calmly under pressure.
Offer
Gross Annual Salary: EUR 90.000,- - EUR 110.000,- + Bonus + other benefits",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=40de693aeeab18e3&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
106,waste management,Indeed,p_6bdd14eefd31fe70,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6bdd14eefd31fe70&fccid=0b55b7f97add92dc&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
107,waste management,Indeed,p_baf059d907c3231a,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=baf059d907c3231a&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
108,waste management,Indeed,p_366f510f58b8598f,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=366f510f58b8598f&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
109,waste management,Indeed,p_ec65ca1ea5838243,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ec65ca1ea5838243&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
110,waste management,Indeed,p_2a0aebb256a6a055,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a0aebb256a6a055&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
111,waste management,Indeed,p_3f8ee3d291dbe1b6,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3f8ee3d291dbe1b6&fccid=97b71290c34ababc&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
112,waste management,Indeed,p_b5e51643158d4a9b,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
113,waste management,Indeed,p_786631675751849b,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=786631675751849b&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
114,waste management,Indeed,p_60f751cbbc592712,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=60f751cbbc592712&fccid=e52a8045d312f049&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
115,waste management,Indeed,p_2404259cfb075463,SaaS Account Executive - DACH,Assent Compliance Inc, Amsterdam,"Accelerate your sales career with the best in the industry!


Every day, we help companies to make the world a better place. One of North America’s fastest-growing technology companies, our software empowers better corporate decision making. We do this by providing a window into an organization’s global supply chain and the factories in which their products are manufactured, to reduce compliance risks, environmental waste, and prevent human rights abuse.

As we continue to expand our European operations, we are looking to grow our team of high-performing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account Executives. Our ideal candidates bring significant experience in developing relationships with senior executives, have a proven track record of success selling in a B2B, SaaS environment, and have professional-level proficiency in English and German. We are specifically looking for individuals who are driven to succeed and thrive on the challenge that comes with taking a new product to market.


What you will do:

Prospect and sell to new logos
Establish and develop an account-based sales strategy to achieve sales quotas
Follow a systematic sales process to progress prospect sales campaigns
Win new customers through self-sourcing activities, research, responding to leads, and building exceptional internal and external relationships
Manage a complex sales-cycle to prospective senior executives and/or multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Partner with Business Development to grow and optimize your pipeline
Manage all sales activity and forecasting of revenue in Salesforce


Join us if you:

Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator with excellent written and verbal skills in English and German
Have at least 5 years of progressive B2B SaaS sales experience
Have masterfully led SaaS sales cycles from end-to-end
Have demonstrable experience meeting and exceeding sales quotas up to $1M
Are skillful in penetrating accounts, developing relationships, and selling to executive-level decision-makers
Are able to identify existing and emerging client needs, and to articulate the corresponding benefits of Assent’s offerings
Are a tenacious, highly motivated, and persistent sales hunter
Are an articulate, persuasive, and passionate communicator and presenter
Have excellent questioning techniques, active listening skills, and analytical capabilities
Are highly capable and self-sufficient in the development and delivery of all sales cycle artifacts including presentations, proposals
Are energized by working in a start-up-like sales environment
Have experience working with CRM tools
Have a combination of education and experience that demonstrates the above


What’s in it for you?

At Assent, your contributions will be valued and have a bigger purpose - you will help make a real difference to our clients. Our team challenges each other to be better every day and we dig deep to build a culture of innovation and high-performance.

In addition to a competitive salary, you can expect to:

Love what you do as part of a fantastic culture and supportive team that really wants you to succeed
Accelerate greatness in a challenging position with high learning and development potential
Choose how you work best with a flexible work arrangement
Spend your days making a difference, not just working for a living. We help our customers all over the world by providing a real understanding of their supply chain data so they can protect their brands, remove market access barriers, and reduce operational and financial risk


All applicants will need to fulfill the requirements necessary to obtain a background check.

Reasonable Accommodations Statement: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the aforementioned duties and responsibilities satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/NRG-(Nuclear-Research-&-Consultancy-Group)/jobs/Projectmanager-Radioactive-Waste-Management-2404259cfb075463?fccid=f0971428d9e31bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
116,waste management,Indeed,pj_ceba3f4a5cdd7141,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
117,waste management,Indeed,pj_1ab43ba003b6598e,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSjIifVQessc0DNweTKS2BzKOuFo5Wol23wXN9UUeE-va_t_5qJNy-2VHtWIl_ZwpycmnbfWIb4L_POd02wHkkCOkbltn5DI8C1l2rGKzHpxR4HH0t76Amyb7ILUv1rB6yDoDGi325LPctIHy7gaLssROHN-dJc-RpC71c2q67AVLQakFY795oGb-Gbh6ZHdpENNuunvNejjbMSJsTDRMZx5a_IZwweQ9PlY1soWSA6wyoB3Mjpf8fHnhwREQghxLjfLJnkRtly-LVZIJ8q2TE9d0YrWvBXPhVaVKTzZbLX1q_odGum_1dmhwg8jC8NnKtweSY2y9ewVH01KfAOclRTrENxzhDzc81zvOo9PmNHWUnhPPnbHvn5dfeGk74kcconPxc7xBthswbCCgw0ZtB8E8IYbATKif9MO7mgZe4tmqGPGuDb6ln_P2XBKJJ_eDRdoYtmDSbyvvNhFvP_yBeNWdIhr0KWQh964ackLucnF96f1r4K6M9Kd78tLzkUhZUx81EhmrSA5hEv8HQmN2hUISE_d-Hq0bvzjZsL45UmWfk21zWFLj5WcWUg0EArtMd6XiNNpRiu_A==&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
118,waste management,Indeed,pj_24c0bceef3d761a7,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Aauy3ZU2G-dTxnMXphV6Xq2HEGh2Pjwg7tySOLNPN1EUiCoQnRUyaz8IbCHjf_5k4SnEyVV36VJAj3avfk3FRM5kULHwVw2AibmJYIH1vxlkFUEMawh70768FRAWPdwTbLcIHCpTUW2nY2LaEHA5rkYUFaUkU06bQmnMmWTG-Tmoq3z3Wr2A8IaKVjNtQH3S1NtStcUI6tn_ZfRrDjMTO-RioXuyzg8RLuLhbsp58luwZ_-l2PDvlSv8dSuE3x0VZpVpt8OvmV9VHGS1mXR4iTRIRBnpvofvsofBw9mbdnP6gwBK835_iH9DEO6ncBOANnopzVxrvrHi1nz-Lqc0yDM3o5sX7IpHYSGMAt_2UYZx_yw5zQPHLEXQjL08Zo-5crEXZkldNit-7ja4GmsP8iKr4diTLuUIpNW1TKGfYShpJILVcNA18Thkn1jrh1QI8kHcwVU8ciFm2IBhlKCtJL&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
119,waste management,Indeed,p_d5987ff90a2f70f9,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d5987ff90a2f70f9&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
120,waste management,Indeed,p_c5cc77e4db6b835d,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c5cc77e4db6b835d&fccid=3ae4d86cb4dda397&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
121,waste management,Indeed,p_7f2b98517bdbf4d3,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7f2b98517bdbf4d3&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
122,waste management,Indeed,p_d846ba17301b0e73,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d846ba17301b0e73&fccid=7ae5f9e6cdbea9ce&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
123,waste management,Indeed,p_ea5113dbe4b9993c,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ea5113dbe4b9993c&fccid=a6616b87c890edbc&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
124,waste management,Indeed,p_89b31c6dad24f132,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=89b31c6dad24f132&fccid=ea11de2ae4cd5abc&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
125,waste management,Indeed,p_f9fbcccd6d4a2a64,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f9fbcccd6d4a2a64&fccid=7ae5f9e6cdbea9ce&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
126,waste management,Indeed,p_11848108d0519215,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=11848108d0519215&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
127,waste management,Indeed,p_b14290fb495b2162,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b14290fb495b2162&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
128,waste management,Indeed,p_9518dfc589fcdfa8,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9518dfc589fcdfa8&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
129,waste management,Indeed,p_5e8bbd72c9821e08,Online 3rd parties Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll support the team with these daily tasks:
Prepare per quarter the Buying season, including preparation of the showroom and assortment overviews
Manage the online shops and catalogue content management
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Monitor and report on sales, marketing and promotions performance
Following these insights, you will be able to further drive sales on article and account level
Ensure all products are online and merchandised appropriately for all our online channels
Keep the online collection up to date and monitor product performance using merchandise analysis
Ensure each site has up to date stock levels on category/season/bestsellers etc. and ensure stock management processes are followed by operations and logistics teams
Our perfect candidate has the following:
You're passionate about E-Commerce and gained ideally experience in this field or in Fashion (Retail)
You have a Bachelors' degree (minimum requirement)
Your results-driven and will need English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimise your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading
You're an analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2020, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator (m/f) for our E-Commerce department, focused on Wholesale. Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, About You, Asos, Amazon and Wehkamp to name a few. The core task is to support the team across the entire fashion season: from the start when we present the new collection and collect the orders, until the in-season management of stock, and the optimization of the SALE phase. You do this through by combining solid account management and with operational excellence.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ceba3f4a5cdd7141&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwC69F5T1MtC-eLkFkLUogxBRM_HONAvIusN89f0zlpT0btOxbkpwBJ73NxDmKoriQtBuhiHULuDNTe5exDYvbIM&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RTHg9okm1n1IV6IdOaoyRic179KbaSEPmuD6tA2kwCY8iXNRmS_Sk8DxLlj4hMpJIRmWLd1yWxlp5fExITUwsljXs2JLNefJ65CfmSWPVZZ8jDEwStjCjD5g_WtpLCOyLFgCMSRLfjPYLQeQGnLfT6t2pOZv9fll4JjgjlFdditAdTnJev2nPI-QyIHoM38BQt11EW6yziYbY1Bp3h4KmGftQ8frAP1xDSgYvD7Y2WwmkaZdWQF0Sb8_V6qd2CniyPvbARA89_Qz6aX7CF1lMN80d5WHCU8TxQqYSpHAWytSZe0e7TGQp2a32SnWEy7bF3-IcZHEZvP_6Li2c3dYE8ILMNxFW7cbCG-X6fACCViZhWkngJReaLFg-wF8NaXOZynRc9D9iZfZAz1mF5AH-HnNfc9ZdGWj8bihMac6AyEG3_kx6k5yLi_4Ae_kDkwtoL4XEQFKKuPJC0FrUkpDQEbC0mHtuYyUreahV1z-H1uOT-UuZ0DMZR_mxdWo-CnUDssgs-kP-qrn8hwV4C-t7wt62EkLs6txdCaknvXQY6pDvJsLqxYgUBfrdayVg4bAZX-5i4WPaDEeuXf_dvrSS3b&astse=9ae35456db76297a&assa=8265,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5e8bbd72c9821e08&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,2 dagen geleden,2 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
130,waste management,Indeed,p_aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
131,waste management,Indeed,p_440e1f3934acf6b6,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=440e1f3934acf6b6&fccid=ee6a99db163236c2&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
132,waste management,Indeed,p_11848108d0519215,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=11848108d0519215&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
133,waste management,Indeed,pj_e90589218ede2297,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXJ1YPyEt9z7_z8djat6_4kBoz0zNqfpFmAZY-LnxmZQ2JOyyfUiuRWzvKJr4Hrd_adFCSSG8dpdUDFWauSQCqOJR6Qwy96jrHejqfo8lMyfhe9DELFkjK2RmBoZuvKWINXjcAcx1RMe2KbdITwPRQY5hDP9xIrOyyI-ZTop7dCd80aQohFijBX3RZ1wQqYcsWW2z4RWSaRPMe7Z9nb8GbuyD9D0-xcQetVv1-VeKp7fvdSwDAnHyxc2nyvonfkqOOcpfJCMgJGTgxp1HZoj9m9O3N98A8kDk8xaifl7FMXqrF0Rr8B6XPxP8rssNosB5pcVPZrSpIfYFrX0UPNLuAkapBpjHvQImU_4FypjkbScRmHmtEJzg3qfEhfHk89EzxwswHsLqZxl7X3Rt8KqlPZg90RIhbxeO2RG6WMUI95vh2wpKlXWP_2wuQ40hyWleNWwCgq-FpDvci5vYhWCwJQLYCL3lNFSLi0wp6NMBatwFJMwXqgMuVUo6jpig49foJpRYwgfr7d8GI5aJ4iGiyAViV4V7VCyvYolGW9pIKVM-vSx5ERZeY6gxz6CvEeC86H33GjMj76RHgrEpPT9aZfNr3iCVohOCZEFW0HDEUX2VG_CJyjfynMm2eL75yAvQqOF2gzsSkPO9tvOHKxtFet_g26DooXJydQiCXs96giMq8an9N4rK3yLmmuHvabId4pm7KHc1hoTdoicwihS20XqMRS4XQD1La5oOFXWSDFDamblHpedh4dw=&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
134,waste management,Indeed,p_7b5ca2166c1ff9ac,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7b5ca2166c1ff9ac&fccid=e15d9e27876d9dc3&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,financial institutions,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,,K,0.39416058394160586,0.6058394160583942,0.5328467153284672,0.46715328467153283,Mixed Gender,Older
135,waste management,Indeed,p_41a0f491776ee7a2,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=41a0f491776ee7a2&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
136,waste management,Indeed,p_9518dfc589fcdfa8,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9518dfc589fcdfa8&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
137,waste management,Indeed,p_8c1810164c8941fb,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
138,waste management,Indeed,p_da20fd2f95b36895,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=da20fd2f95b36895&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
139,waste management,Indeed,p_a54b9f854808e371,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a54b9f854808e371&fccid=7da80e6d4430aa40&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
140,waste management,Indeed,p_b14290fb495b2162,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b14290fb495b2162&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
141,waste management,Indeed,p_bd64be9e09a503a8,Internship Online Marketplaces,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Order management for our big online partners like Zalando and Asos
Product sample management (internal and external)
Collecting content for marketing activities that will reach millions
Responsible for the right product information at our online platforms
Making sure we can send our product in time by checking PO's
Creating Order Overviews for our partners to buy into our assortment
Sitescrubing – meaning that you live-check if our Hunkemöller product is being presented in the best way, and have a sneak at what the competition is doing
Identifying in season trading opportunities to steadily grow the business
YOUR PROFILE:
You are passionate about fashion and your strong interest and knowledge concerning E-Commerce. If you are also passionate about collaborations with online marketplaces, than this is the(!) internship for you
You've finished the first semesters of your HBO/Bachelors/Masters studies 3rd or 4th year.
You are familiar with excel
You 're fluent in English
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues and partners
Highly motivated to learn and develop
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our E-commerce Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Online Marketplaces intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=aa61ce6d0b4b9a5c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b9a782146d34b55&assa=3877,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bd64be9e09a503a8&fccid=53f5db372578a320&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
142,waste management,Indeed,p_8c1810164c8941fb,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
143,waste management,Indeed,pj_e74ce4fe3e006945,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXJ1YPyEt9z7_z8djat6_4kA-RSbngNLiluhhcpueDqu3X4Tc_aLGl1ebn6aHkEZh5CX0U0kgGzEmg1EE1JFJGdxFFfIjkKFeBGl5w6OmUCZxEGtfwuW5topz9UBZH8sBi7XmGSmMJTBo3NWyKj1tQIhj5jmIykMFsQFywUkKq6wsbT0uGCpFs8NC7oiKt2Gr6W5YIGHFu-T501o3vwCix7Pr34HTGB4O9qqxQPEDSmtLR6Ymc6oSiWfNRMqOqdnHIKz9Plf9agMCLOuCudb-nXfpmjq-ZBLMTORfC3SFaegCpKSjJbWjlVJxVITdnUqKqCxS-XJOO75Q92Qkl5i5vG8YIFBh5yM7crCdO-iDA1w561X-huFMuk_QJBDFLWvCFErqZKHGkK9Hey9BX4lp39m0RsPDgA65cqysTCk0G46aBvIElrDQQlH8ExmC0vOjSQLtwmtteoX6NcRTKDd_I4TTuYdpYH7JSRPXZvOZ70sXPCnR4OfA5PeBPEkP70ALgrW2S5ZE1YORxMUsYPdr4rSSRB1CBbZVYK3JZSZJloVzFEEguRl1MSv6UhAh44cTo6U02ULLsgq5TNQxx6c_zay2OG5mxrux0iIeWH6Hba00ZgDAL5TZAh-90CBTio2gqx5RxxOvTg73-saUaftjv8OkIjdNbz9MnvEUqBwbJencAgOZvSIa1bXdhp59lSDhRaYmoTzoGj1uVQDBN43ATp2AiQiPHoMWwENhALSoFF-Jj8ZSKOGjn-WfpS4c-iHBSQ==&p=2&fvj=0&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
144,waste management,Indeed,p_440e1f3934acf6b6,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=440e1f3934acf6b6&fccid=ee6a99db163236c2&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
145,waste management,Indeed,p_11848108d0519215,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=11848108d0519215&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
146,waste management,Indeed,p_b63ee2b6ea6a28ae,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b63ee2b6ea6a28ae&fccid=300b450f90032ccb&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
147,waste management,Indeed,p_da20fd2f95b36895,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=da20fd2f95b36895&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
148,waste management,Indeed,p_9518dfc589fcdfa8,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9518dfc589fcdfa8&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
149,waste management,Indeed,p_bd64be9e09a503a8,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bd64be9e09a503a8&fccid=53f5db372578a320&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
150,waste management,Indeed,p_f12cffe81b4993b6,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f12cffe81b4993b6&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
151,waste management,Indeed,p_08bd3eb2d333584b,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=08bd3eb2d333584b&fccid=11b20d7f7bee7aa9&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
152,waste management,Indeed,p_a54b9f854808e371,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a54b9f854808e371&fccid=7da80e6d4430aa40&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
153,waste management,Indeed,p_b14290fb495b2162,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b14290fb495b2162&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
154,waste management,Indeed,p_21b6612857f3fdbc,Internship IT Project Management Support,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Maintain project planning overview
Maintain project budget overview
Create project status updates
Preparations of documentation (e.g. slides for steering committee)
Organize meetings
The ideal CANDIDATE:
Acquainted with and interesting in IT. No particular IT expertise required.
Interested in project management work
Pro-active and organized attitude
Proficient English speaking
Bachelor or master level
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
Apply now with your CV (in English) & join the Hunkemöller lifestyle!
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
If you have any questions, please contact Isa via recruitment@hunkemoller.com.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our IT team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate IT Project Management Support intern. The IT department is, amongst other things, responsible for delivering IT solutions that enable our business to deliver world class service. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8c1810164c8941fb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45f7aa6c0d8898f4&assa=5571,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=21b6612857f3fdbc&fccid=8568b3938fc8c53f&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
155,waste management,Indeed,p_15e4c8b526c51c77,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=15e4c8b526c51c77&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
156,waste management,Indeed,p_8c510ac3265b299c,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8c510ac3265b299c&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
157,waste management,Indeed,p_2c651893e4c44485,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c651893e4c44485&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
158,waste management,Indeed,p_e7f5802a79f88506,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7f5802a79f88506&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
159,waste management,Indeed,p_b63ee2b6ea6a28ae,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b63ee2b6ea6a28ae&fccid=300b450f90032ccb&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
160,waste management,Indeed,pj_e74ce4fe3e006945,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dOaTChmle1pDBfpQfc9cRXM1pxs7Hr6OFKQHE02L2qoalqrtw2xtiAq8IjQY2fxnc9LVfIP5TQh0SeDtYQJYoyZwVvy684VWwTmIRdzzTRNn5JSQvEqpzGTVqGGEve-jBuEJ2fhwuYGDjELQ6NXMApiviV7V1t7pSISkYwIBHSUrDszRyQP0VRMRw-oJmS4TP-P2bKBSc_RPppxxkmASiXHVI_KkeG9XVXIT8Sz4bt0XOZZto4KvlExD4C9ytDWouU5_vTfBkFOk2zWrHcS4J4VBGywL4jOot5uqSMKh2XroVKCEMZLi5JG02_h_a5yjFGW0pKJzgxZnuEQeeocPu26PH0OghEaCDJi93pnlspbYqhSjk9OJi67lFFFDCbpaeEgUEKPRZWXAIM3t7p5lx6nLDYcZENqBbvdBVlfQZCyQFMmflMcTZ8BAqQLsAtiea-OBrrmB_H_ZsacTBwmSGFgSrakT7GnDD_eMyIZbdxRT3qxgPJqCYgLUS7AjiyAHSCZ6-GzHOMjqATlfPvb0WNU5HBUzAvwwBSVfNwiOmZ2gG2iMRdcZDcrn4ExKcwMgYTjrqD_eaZcudzTMe3HLW7j0MPrZ9yzbNNjp5mWhDzGFPXmTLNG6moeO&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
161,waste management,Indeed,p_0e475f615256c963,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0e475f615256c963&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
162,waste management,Indeed,p_82b10ccfac3f2d96,Facilities Coordinator,SIRE Life Sciences, Hoofddorp,"Facilities Coordinator

The Company
This company is leading in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. In this position you will be joining a newly formed team in which people of all backgrounds and experiences are respected. While working together with a focus on saving lives by finding a cure for cancer. You’ll be reporting to the Senior Manager, Facilities.
Responsibilities
You’ll be part of building up the Engineering & Facilities organization and systems for the newly build manufacturing site in Hoofddorp. The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for one of the three following areas; Gowning & Cleaning, Waste Management & Pest Control, Catering & Hospitality. You will be one of three coordinators in the Facilities department. Performing all tasks associated with the manufacturing of clinical and commercial products following batch records and SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures)
Compile hourly user statistics and prepare staff reports, facility issues, participant concerns. Assisting in the development and optimization of SOPs and Batch records
Supervises facilities specialist
Schedules the daily activities of specialist in facilities operations
Work on routine assignments following established SOPs and GMP guidance
Coordinates the activities on site contractors undertaking facilities operations and services
Exercises judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results

Requirements
Higher professional education (Facility Management, Hotelschool)
Good writing and speaking skills English language
Preferably experience in a process-driven pharmaceutical environment or other highly regulated industries",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ff34c385287a4a48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c8650fa2ec3dd69&assa=9854,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=82b10ccfac3f2d96&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
163,waste management,Indeed,pj_e74ce4fe3e006945,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
164,waste management,Indeed,p_47c15cb0d8ab99be,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=47c15cb0d8ab99be&fccid=1d79a4290fb70d8e&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
165,waste management,Indeed,p_0e475f615256c963,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0e475f615256c963&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
166,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
167,waste management,Indeed,p_6dc726220d1e35a1,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6dc726220d1e35a1&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
168,waste management,Indeed,p_c7378ef94ab622f3,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c7378ef94ab622f3&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
169,waste management,Indeed,p_bedf239399decbea,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bedf239399decbea&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
170,waste management,Indeed,p_e1a8cf977c86f914,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vBxTkry_0DfhamBTDTjgtpDNDZv0iXfX1kgLDBUip1yGw&spon=1&adid=315445635&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3OidB1IkTn--csk_OVNFWNyqshU9RJYf6b8wC47nP_kPZ2EjZ0AReWueQPRhBCd-AhFoC1t6JGdZZC40XEBmXpEIg5imsxwAaAnCMio67WerplW_p5v8dObTn2p-xzcOzSufPMdIc-Ff8na3dH-_WZStlgf9Utp1qbQw7b7cfyMUUEESWx0hQrx66fgxWCqWIPK-ifRe4mXUJj3iytKdHGbDZixtZ2RSLBoWlpO8WLXdXeZJIP7cAKXduTvBfe3vUNkUC-4kVOxuQa6kwN4fwyZzgkq3Ni5mhO0NC4OrqZkgAuF_a_aNoNCp5dj4J41pcc-l8FwLRX3feWI3whseIDbOGTPbo4nlpybCTO40Lr2ZZDiX3ve0lk8IHKOJPSQM5sylZhXAxIB23eSh0vBE3NKCChw74DbH-I2CMzhYNabf3ClrxkEpXmH9Fa-XXihRv0P7ttfA5NagkRjPGrLvRV79_L-ueLvyjJk_FpTT_378AZ4Yz-ARHD5f0jVg1q1HVUAaSVlsV7sN0BfMhOehz7fXveD8WQiHgIswnKLxcxZXgi13u4qF0--mzJPighpHofb5EQfIKtpoCjPJ2BcfpdDFi0ezu5zVghcjpvk_iueW-8pMsW3_xEXkwU47xcBlbdNWgyQ3CalBmhlCFn5VGav_flK7Xb3b_Wf9NYdLHIW9uEdsZaS1_KqydpjZaBJ7f7nNiiuKu9Qp1HihaBoviOzV9zwoG6Tcp695DEXCxwk5&astse=fce1961c7e0c0f7c&assa=9651,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1a8cf977c86f914&fccid=58eb8e9b77c8b3e5&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
171,waste management,Indeed,p_c5da7228039a7fe1,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c5da7228039a7fe1&fccid=578ba4ef1a118592&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
172,waste management,Indeed,p_bedf239399decbea,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bedf239399decbea&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
173,waste management,Indeed,p_eb898ba91ced7689,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=eb898ba91ced7689&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
174,waste management,Indeed,p_4575ad11d1d06f4f,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4575ad11d1d06f4f&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
175,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
176,waste management,Indeed,p_e1a8cf977c86f914,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1a8cf977c86f914&fccid=58eb8e9b77c8b3e5&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
177,waste management,Indeed,p_3c96ca62ab1ebd46,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3c96ca62ab1ebd46&fccid=f3bc338228926a97&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
178,waste management,Indeed,p_7a79a545963e2eb7,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7a79a545963e2eb7&fccid=3ae4d86cb4dda397&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
179,waste management,Indeed,p_af8d43ecf3ce1663,Account Manager PR Agency,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"IVY LEE PR and brand marketing agency has offices in the city centres of Amsterdam andAntwerp and works with (inter)national renowned fashion and lifestyle brands We are a team ofpassionate and driven professionals and hold a variety and diverse number of client accounts. Formore details see our website: www.ivylee.nl. This position is for the agency in Amsterdam.
Job
As account manager you manage your own client portfolio and are able/used to workautonomously on accounts, projects and events. You have diverse network and you manage twojuniors who report to you. Your sparring partners are the agency partners. The type of work isdiverse: from classic PR work to setting up influencer collabs and production of small to largerevents with your team, to name a few.

More activities:

Advising clients on PR and marketing activities
Setting up influencer collabs (paid and non-paid)
Advising on, and/or producing events
Making/sending out of press releases
Maintaining press relations and establish print publications
Social media monitoring
Client reports
Showroom presentation
And more…

Your profile
A likable and flexible team player with a sense of humour. Someone who is service minded andhas a ‘can do’ mentality. HBO or WO level, with relevant experience (3 years minimum) and goodnetwork.


Excellent in Dutch and English + great communication skills
Advanced knowledge of MSOffice (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

Our offer


A chance to become account manager, and possibly account director in the future, of ahigh-profile agency
An agency with a great reputation and track record
Inspiring setting in a marketing company that wants to further grow
Chilled and fun atmosphere
Informal, international and inspiring agency culture
We work as a team, are transparent and don’t waste time on internal politics

For applications or further enquiries please use the button below.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=31bca3eece1eb83f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0b63b8b85886a2ef&assa=1341,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=af8d43ecf3ce1663&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
180,waste management,Indeed,p_47c15cb0d8ab99be,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=47c15cb0d8ab99be&fccid=1d79a4290fb70d8e&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
181,waste management,Indeed,p_8c510ac3265b299c,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8c510ac3265b299c&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
182,waste management,Indeed,p_af8d43ecf3ce1663,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=af8d43ecf3ce1663&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
183,waste management,Indeed,p_947eb4ec5926a509,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=947eb4ec5926a509&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
184,waste management,Indeed,pj_e90589218ede2297,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3D5KFCtLImjRAsKxUHoB21y6blzJkmh_Hi9oC7W3j3Cbm_K6XC3ApA2iqaDivU4lXDmjPj2AxRoHCBU63We3phQWN3bB1elIfSLNR0Db7_Nft_TsOwjREu6eTFT4eToLJIWsULyIsX6eLznM67bXNNGlemoLUMT7GBXfC3upSdL34WMDGoThoYIfEN40b3E3TzPmInAETCUeUzddHjMTmiBFQR5i_EyiIGCUYH6NOSXuyfKqmC_Pdne6ev-eRXNEtKDtdyxPKOdHKnVB0TujPPY8YXZneywqfHKPmKGBIeEdMmBy5pYJP4oXnfbWwBPzSJamm-f1JzWc6OU4fTDYtBXnshsjtAFk8D3QzeeRlbGZ0H7YS2JNEb_gpS9Q_N25oDYhmJDA5crPZzD2o4DRCNzUBdE5WPZDyhXUdeuBJcYYsq0XZ7AvCbH947-rqyg-hyQo4UVrqqBN5uwZB1NqnkUboT5_7FUGcmtxthTGty8PJGWoHyeIeCBJ6WwpLGw1R4daRIi4vC1bS3EL3wqUrRcB1Mx_6DhrpDouB2d7qsFCKEX-fYN-ZA45XTVSeVdexsR51NH1eHtgFICEQ9Ah75fWHe5XMGJ8q3hClC5WKXa9VMG1VzzhwWqX5V4vL5cuyHhjH-43YfCwjYMK94wbMGCaMCVnUXm_O4XRFe4Xo9rpFSBS5f7Yb4ICnY2oct0f97D3b9VPPqwZgjNfIgrBxbVufRFqjZiBL8hk71lvPMrY&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
185,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
186,waste management,Indeed,p_bedf239399decbea,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bedf239399decbea&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
187,waste management,Indeed,p_c7d9ab6cb2bfa54b,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c7d9ab6cb2bfa54b&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
188,waste management,Indeed,p_9c4b79a5558e17d0,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9c4b79a5558e17d0&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
189,waste management,Indeed,p_e1a8cf977c86f914,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1a8cf977c86f914&fccid=58eb8e9b77c8b3e5&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
190,waste management,Indeed,p_b1c242a99fa560fe,"Head of Corporate Affairs, Netherlands",Deliveroo, Amsterdam,"Why Deliveroo?

Our mission is to be the definitive food company. We are transforming the way the world eats by making food more convenient and accessible. We give people the opportunity to eat what they want, when and where they want it.

Our journey began with our founder Will, arriving in London and finding it almost impossible to order great food, despite living in one of the world's best cities for food. In 2013 he got on his bike and founded Deliveroo.

Fast forward to today and Deliveroo can be found in 12 markets, with over 110,000 riders delivering orders from over 140,000 restaurants and grocery stores serving millions of customers in 800 worldwide.

Delivering great food from restaurants is how we started, but isn't our only offering. We pioneered the delivery-only kitchen model, Deliveroo Editions, where we use data to identify gaps in the market and bring new brands and cuisines to new areas, giving people more choice in their local neighbourhood. And using our network and technology we provide a growing on-demand grocery service, which has not only brought incredible levels of convenience to our customers but has been a lifeline to so many during COVID.

We operate one of the most complex three sided marketplaces, and we do this in real-time. Millions of customers and thousands of restaurants and riders rely on us to match them within milliseconds, and the algorithms behind our marketplace are the secret sauce that allow us to deliver our orders in under 30 minutes.

There are so many questions we are working on and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do we give low income families access to affordable healthy meals? How do we tackle waste? How can we scale our network to tens of millions of orders a day? What does a future layout of a restaurant look like? How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we take what we know about a customer and offer a truly personalised selection?

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous. We are still a small team, making a very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, value autonomy and ownership, and we are always looking for new ideas.

The size of the opportunity ahead of us is immense. Only 3% of the global food market is online. Contrast that with the digital disruption of other industries, such as from travel (45%) and retail (10%), and it is clear we are at the very beginning of our journey. Despite being one of the world's fastest growing multi-billion dollar companies, we're only just getting started.

We hope you're as excited about the scale of the opportunity as we are and, if you share our ambition, that you'll join us and be part of this incredible story.


Responsibilities & Requirements

The successful candidate would be expected to lead and execute on Deliveroo's corporate affairs priorities in the Netherlands. This would involve both public affairs and corporate communications. You will therefore need to have both the judgement to decide on priorities and the dynamic hunger to deliver against them.

You would report to Deliveroo's global policy and communications team in London. You would also work closely with Deliveroo's General Manager in the Netherlands, as well as other senior figures in both Amsterdam and London.

As part of your job, you would ensure:

that Deliveroo is generating a stream of proactive and creative media opportunities in the Netherlands;
That the business responds to risks and opportunities arising from public affairs and regulatory issues in market;
the company is proactive in dealing with challenges, in communicating our business model and policy positions, and in demonstrating our commitment to the communities in which we operate;

Important competencies for the successful candidate will include:

Several years experience in fields relating to Dutch media and politics - a combination of both would be highly valued;
Strong pre-existing relationships and network that could be used for both corporate communications and public affairs;
An understanding of the policy and regulatory issues facing companies in the gig economy.

A proactive attitude and a desire to learn about and help make decisions right across the business, including commercial and operational decisions.

A desire to work in a close-knit team and across multiple teams in a growing organisation, in particular policy, legal, finance and operations.

An excellent verbal and written communicator with the ability to prioritise.
Fluency in both Dutch and English.


Life at Deliveroo

We are a growing team, with very large impact, seeking to answer some of the most interesting questions out there. We move fast, we're always looking for new ideas and we're very transparent about the decisions we make and why we make them.

There are so many questions we need to answer and plenty more we haven't even encountered. How do data and technology help restaurants to grow as consumer habits change? How can we predict what someone wants to order for dinner long before the idea has even crossed their mind? At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. No solution is owned by a particular team, which means the scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.


Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

In 2018 we announced our decision to give every employee equity in the company. We did this because we wanted all of our employees, regardless of location, level or role to be owners and because we believe that this is the right thing to do. We believe this helps build a culture where everyone is committed and able to share in the company's success.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing start-up's around",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1c242a99fa560fe&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,10 dagen geleden,10 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
191,waste management,Indeed,p_0ed1fe0941c37931,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&fccid=5c876d63692d8bbb&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
192,waste management,Indeed,p_6b027d28302013b4,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6b027d28302013b4&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
193,waste management,Indeed,p_bedf239399decbea,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bedf239399decbea&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
194,waste management,Indeed,p_0b6c7f9bd5205a1b,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0b6c7f9bd5205a1b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
195,waste management,Indeed,p_bbf66421d1477348,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bbf66421d1477348&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
196,waste management,Indeed,p_fae359a3f528480d,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fae359a3f528480d&fccid=26a0583287ba1940&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
197,waste management,Indeed,p_97e1bed2c6b488ee,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=97e1bed2c6b488ee&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
198,waste management,Indeed,p_e1a8cf977c86f914,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1a8cf977c86f914&fccid=58eb8e9b77c8b3e5&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
199,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
200,waste management,Indeed,p_864a0b55daffa028,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=864a0b55daffa028&fccid=6c0dceef19a13f9d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
201,waste management,Indeed,p_b1c242a99fa560fe,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1c242a99fa560fe&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
202,waste management,Indeed,p_3dc3b8cc58770d4c,"Director of Environment, Health & Safety and Environmental, Social and Governance )( EHS & ESG",Tip Trailer Services, Amsterdam,"Will you be our next TIP colleague?
Are you looking for a challenging workplace where you can work with professional and energetic colleagues? Who are passionate about what they do, and who are committed to deliver excellence every day? All in a work environment where safety and wellbeing in the workplace is our primary care, team spirit is fostered and integrity is at the core of our business. With operations throughout Europe and Canada we provide many opportunities for your professional growth!
Job Description
This is an exciting opportunity be part of shaping the future of sustainable transport and logistics globally. The organisation is looking for a progressive and innovative leader to revitalise the businesses approach to sustainability and EHS. This key hire will help set the sustainability strategy and drive the implementation of a strengthened market leading ESG framework including group-wide improvements, development of governance systems, development of appropriate ESG KPIs, continuous improvement plans and overall cultural approach to EHS matters.
The role responsibilities include:
Creating, executing and monitoring TIP’s global ESG sustainability strategy
Creating an ESG framework
Develop ESG KPIs including in partnership with TIP leadership for lenders
Manage sustainability reporting including UN Global Compact reporting and other ESG reporting to our stakeholder and the market
Manage compliance with ESG KPIs (UN, lenders, Shareholders etc.), including but not limited to, define baselines for energy & waste consumption and ambitions targets to reduce over the coming 5 years.
Develop short and midterm reporting for the ESG framework manually and/or with an automated system. Work with a diverse range of stakeholders including senior leadership and local teams across the TIP group.
Management of a global EHS team
The role would be reporting to the COO and managing the global EHS team.
Accountabilities include amongst others:
Creation and implementation of the global TIP ESG strategic plan in partnership with leadership with targets and deliverables set short-mid-long term.
Social impact program design, oversight, and implementation leveraging internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder sustainability reporting including but not limited to annual reporting to the UN Global Compact and wider reports via the TIP Sustainability Report and independent reports.
Coordinate with social impact and green initiative partners for program implementation and reporting.
Establishing data-driven ESG goals, milestones and metrics, create business cases, manage budgets, support the development and resourcing of impact initiatives.
Lead climate change mitigation project to drive CO2 reduction and recyclables. Develop “the GREEN location of the future”, design efficient energy consumption model linked to renewable solutions and a strict waste management policy including processes to support these policies. Complete the necessary proof of concept and cost benefit analysis to prepare 5-year implementation plan.
Develop, monitor and report on KPIs linked with “Green funding” finance programs.
Maintain awareness of global ESG trends and tools, metrics, KPIs, prepare internal communications in partnership with marketing, and share updates and implications with broader team.
Serve as TIP’s global 'go to' expert for sustainability and environmental topics, communicating and educating others in-line with company strategy.
Represent TIP as a sustainability expert at market events and other strategic initiatives to position TIPs sustainability credentials.
Interacting with public stakeholders on the topic of sustainability including exploring collaboration opportunities and grant funding possibilities for R&D projects. Maintain a working knowledge of EU Green finance taxonomy and other relevant sustainability regulation globally.
Interact with external private stakeholders and wider market participants on the topics of sustainability including ESG/EHS. Further to the extent relevant explore strategic sustainability collaboration opportunities with wider market.
Leading the EHS team and responsible to ensure our employees are well trained & equipped to lead safety compliance and keep themselves safe.
Leads the vision, develops strategic direction, projects & execution of all our environmental & safety programs.
Prepare and deliver annual EHS strategy, project plans & training programs. Identify EHS requirement and possible risk. Prepare budgets for Region.
Leadership of ESG and EHS TIP policies, procedures, and compliance within all countries within the region and in accordance with the local legal. Requirements. Preparing and providing policies in accordance with TIP procedures and format.
Manage EHS governance systems.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Transportation, Logistics, Sustainability, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, or related field from an accredited university.
Several years relevant experience and a proven track record in implementing corporate sustainability programs on a global scale.
Strong leadership skills including; energetic, ambitious, authentic, process driven, clear vision.
Demonstrable experience in business and operational transformations.
In-depth knowledge of the regulatory landscape in Europe and North America around sustainability, energy and carbon reduction. Working knowledge of carbon footprint inventory and accounting preferred.
Analytical skills to assess and interpret large volumes of data.
A collaborative approach and experience working with cross-functional teams. You know how to work with and get buy in from diverse stakeholders, and ideally, have already done so in an international company.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with extreme discretion.
A resilience mindset, the ability to find creative solutions to problems and challenges.
Excellent communication skills. You can communicate up and down the organisation and with external stakeholders. Your English is fluent, and an additional language is an advantage.
TIP is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in its workforce, encouraging applications from all qualified individuals.
Hiring is subject to a satisfactory reference check.
Application
Please click on “Apply” to upload and submit your personal details and CV.
#LI-POST",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0ed1fe0941c37931&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ad0f703b23762d84&assa=5830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3dc3b8cc58770d4c&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
203,waste management,Indeed,p_bedf239399decbea,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bedf239399decbea&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
204,waste management,Indeed,p_97e1bed2c6b488ee,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=97e1bed2c6b488ee&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
205,waste management,Indeed,p_53e203f54fefa9e4,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=53e203f54fefa9e4&fccid=5b16841c3468a10d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
206,waste management,Indeed,p_a91a4cde57f7a22e,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a91a4cde57f7a22e&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
207,waste management,Indeed,p_884c70abc6e84e4a,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=884c70abc6e84e4a&fccid=39f244801827d759&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
208,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
209,waste management,Indeed,p_eccb7720135b0c66,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=eccb7720135b0c66&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
210,waste management,Indeed,p_27013e5a7af48662,Purchasing Specialist,Marley Spoon, Amsterdam,"Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. Bringing delightful, market-fresh, and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world.
We deliver top quality fresh ingredients, in the exact quantities required, with chef-designed easy-to-cook recipes, to thousands of households across the globe. We currently service the US, EU, and Australia with three brands - Marley Spoon, Martha & Marley Spoon, and Dinnerly. Marley Spoon simplifies weeknight cooking and helps busy people skip the supermarket.
But in the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking and we love eating!
We are searching for a Purchasing Specialist.
Responsibilities
Generate, track, and manage Purchase Orders in Marley Spoon’s ERP, ensuring accurate quantities and timely delivery.
Manage daily supplier relations to ensure the timely delivery of the product; resolve shipping issues, manage purchase order changes, and review monthly scorecards to implement necessary corrective action plans (e.g. delivery times or quality improvements)
Support Strategic Sourcing in preparing periodical supplier performance reviews and internal meetings
Maintain a daily inbound receiving schedule and coordinate with vendors and/or carriers to make sure purchase orders are delivering on desired dates, communicating any issues to the organization.
Maintain adequate replenishment inventory to support daily fulfillment while achieving the desired turns and minimum inventory number
Review, track, reconcile, and approve invoices in conformity with received product.
Responsible for commenting on waste reasons from purchasing actions.
Coordinate with the warehouse supervisors to ensure the product is received and available for production.
Collaborate with Category Managers to resolve item and vendor issues where stock and service levels are not being met against established inventory plans.
Check and approve invoices
Available to be on call on Saturday mornings
Requirements
Associate or Bachelor’s Degree;
Previous experience in a Supply Chain/Purchasing/Operations related role;
Several years of experience in a related field;
Good analytical skills and intermediate user of Google Sheets/Excel;
Previous experience with any kind of ERP software;
Process and information flow understanding;
Driven to achieve the highest quality in daily work;
Strong problem solving & multitasking skills with great attention to detail. Team player and good communication skills with a passion to always learn more and share your knowledge with others;
Availability to work on Saturdays.
Benefits
Free Marley Spoon boxes
Awesome team events, such as company pub quiz nights and TGIF beers
Test kitchen in the office - you get to try our recipes first!
True ownership, real responsibilities, and strong opportunities for growth

Love the sound of the position, but don’t think you’re the ideal candidate? Please apply! At Marley Spoon, we value learning and growth.
We have worked hard to build a diverse team of inspiring and passionate people. We encourage people of all genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientation to apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=27013e5a7af48662&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
211,waste management,Indeed,p_a581569057962b4a,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a581569057962b4a&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
212,waste management,Indeed,p_7954ebb7154e861b,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7954ebb7154e861b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
213,waste management,Indeed,p_bb4e5abb21c4f38a,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bb4e5abb21c4f38a&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
214,waste management,Indeed,p_b20cc97b72780e6b,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
215,waste management,Indeed,p_4966ba545a0cd1cd,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4966ba545a0cd1cd&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
216,waste management,Indeed,pj_e90589218ede2297,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskog_AndknxduSGlOi5aFXW3D5KFCtLImjRAsKxUHoB21y6blzJkmh_Hi9oC7W3j3Cbm_K6XC3ApA2iqaDivU4lXDmjPj2AxRoHCBU63We3phQWN3bB1elIfSLNR0Db7_Nft_TsOwjREu54u-mSLWDUYDnvNnca1BYCXmE7NmslQzubYQh-N1HRskTeMpMEtkNKCScHVK319jBfHapWUt6OZzhSzz8ABFv8SPT7Obz4ymI65zz_xG12yEDzaFfrpp5x2-bQWUdgZPgPd-xkWhoVk9SNVmxuQcQnDIoKINFbkgXbsypaIeN1_HiO08Q21n9CLS_FaIrsgI-2rDczeuYOrtZBFjkJTl0pi_5kpuqp1ce1bwMOz8Yq6LJ1oQPeZl2NyTBeAqudfdPIvV6RBTNm9qMGd01pssfBhZXRqE5COL7qOoK6i3rQ6k9LRieZvUr0_UzH8kPFSKBmoKMgOtdWb5h2_HA0tIvPZQ_ouJTrAjVC_r1cxvMnUZBpGbEnjKE8Pt82Ac5SyhLWRYupqiHqyyDBiAyLLRtNmCJMDCqsFVDHr6-6u_OymPynkBoucKJUSNZBP9i_y96av2A7WWECdaPjYIpQ3oZxX-Z9rRAtXrCIhopDaxTUq4vr-dkMXEwi92Pj93cDImNP73Q97KFqBp8Uu1dvbo1LWbB8IA4gSxOVAzyu01Z02pdegYH984jaIIhSAyRhyjpLioEG-77SveYkCVXY6GdHr2ZZsr0AZsikfUIYQ2u0Fg==&p=8&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
217,waste management,Indeed,p_9d2796f3ce5ecefd,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6affde5cce91c4aa&assa=7686,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9d2796f3ce5ecefd&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-26,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
218,waste management,Indeed,pj_b241cd4992b26a9c,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
219,waste management,Indeed,pj_71d7355f761c4c74,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Aauy3ZU2G-dTxnMXphV6Xq2HEGh2Pjwg7tySOLNPN1EYGfUtFa7rZpOMeIr2FZt5LvmAQMGuLUOmkwQVQgh_80vMReGFDLud3PAcCk5s6kmY1S_91qyJp0w_vXfCA5V9SqkEp7fipn0zfCJy3JS9sPIQGCSCOcEvaKfdRSvLorn7M3xNp0aXswiJwIR0fLSteF4ITdsXORgXGy-K7zWhdbA0NDf2XdI7ZJS1TAn3PHYmOeQZtRY_UrBSwYwv9Khtq6N3CXkYjNDjhlR_c0LnAmu5mujqXC7i6wIVJELqUGYIPfhqKjT9s0Dr_M_kYcA-qVRsWOt6ttGeevXk6d4zYR3Vny--Liw4J0trAyQhwAChszL73RvD9flgWvnl8Zyu5Z5yd5V8wOZBL_ASEpg5glX3aYGRacaZk_CiGxQ7Yuc_IOhfXTxOd5qp7la_USGG9EfznpyS60AEq1BycMV7qR&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
220,waste management,Indeed,p_a0915cda71791f66,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a0915cda71791f66&fccid=f229b354f5d64873&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
221,waste management,Indeed,p_c26228ca30f8099b,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c26228ca30f8099b&fccid=98ff78e7fd5ab8ba&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
222,waste management,Indeed,p_2fb0581ce7864742,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2fb0581ce7864742&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
223,waste management,Indeed,p_042be3143bf1e4d8,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=042be3143bf1e4d8&fccid=794914f41c28afb7&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
224,waste management,Indeed,p_b0587f294da665d3,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b0587f294da665d3&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
225,waste management,Indeed,p_ae75c4e2b28628d0,Loss Prevention Auditor DC Logistics,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success. In this role you will report to the Global Head of Loss Prevention, you will work as part of the Global Loss Prevention team to deliver the following services:
Assist in the development and championing of operational Best Practice for Stock Management and Loss Prevention in line with the global Best Practice strategy in several areas of the Supply Chain
Ensure a minimum 1 x Loss Prevention Logistics Audit is performed in the Hilversum DC per calendar Month
Compliance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's)
Supplier Delivery Accuracy
Put away Accuracy
Pick Accuracy – Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale
Dispatch Accuracy
Perpetual Inventory (PI) Shrinkage
Damaged/ Faulty Write off's
Retail/ Ecomm/ Wholesale Delivery Discrepancies/ Damage/ Missing Cartons
Returns Management
Ensure that a Loss Prevention Logistics Audit visit is performed at each 3rd Party Logistics provider Hub each quarter. Also ensure that an audit visit is performed at the Webshop DC each quarter
Deliver documented measurable Audit results to the business identifying trends by DC, Hub, Supplier, Route, Retail Store and compliance point
Provide additional on-site Loss Prevention de-brief and training
Utilise the data to investigate and address poor/ exceptional performance for:
Delivery Discrepancies
Product Damaged on Delivery to Stores
Retail Store/ Customer/ Web Store Write Off's by Supplier
Freight Received Damaged/ Delivery Discrepancies/ Missing Cartons
Returns Discrepancies
Ensure quarterly review meetings are held with relevant Logistics Managers
Our ideal candidate:
Minimal HBO/Bachelor work and thinking level
You are in fluent English and fluent Dutch (writing and speaking)
Knowledge of Tableau preferred
Experience in a retail environment preferred
Must be able to maintain confidentiality concerning projects and assignments
Ability to proactively and independently analyze historical data, shrink trends and exceptions
Proven problem-solving
Strong results & data driven and able to translate data into insights and actions
You are very accurate with your tasks and a strong communicator
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5118.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a Loss Prevention Auditor DC & Logistics for our Loss Prevention team, looking after Loss Prevention matters (focused on Stores) in several of our markets.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b241cd4992b26a9c&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNm_JhRCmpIiBgA3KuuZKDhO4p8edOz0BhdskD9EWcB-C7vuSsFXmdoeYPDstVY6Co3GEFtkoNE_b6wrz6iMVSnNCGQtO8oD4RfdWV-O1W7ZP74wdUNG47IY4fdpQNXF97ow45JQX-_gzH0QrEDvswfTw&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSIaY2CH8KUfTGFoWoyqmG4nj4IsowEb1zQL82CXjnWICZ3ITeKm_YTw551cHs4464eyYzuxo3HDDTr5VzqW5poRXBWq54vgtO-0uFRCz-MLAWsT6cKFFmNRXh6iuSvfe5-zBl5r_szm4Y8UWnI6pRARDOUDGcpEMbmI-FTTRnNXOOoXFiBod_fYcTkKRQeoiG-x-tzNUAXnuTndAMYimUdI4OqJf-feFbfaEd-iCLQZe-R4tTOnqK3lEqf8u8SndbNTci1qlSf-s1cGSZKHMdRTU0HaXBcMe6lKQ-s370Acy6uePqwsaXVvXUbt8L3LYXul7kVYt8Qwb17wgjxetdBXyG2WIZR9CeIEB_bUvG85aFtbtJxML1I20X9fkpyE05IhxXOhix6WEPzhb_ROrvQkUKpm1gOc-IH2XaSsNCqLaNpF25d9ILuUvv6MGC4WlR5sCjD9F4fVFtXqPQXjRgPWwdSBB6Cd5nBTl4LWHAGS3xKodxdVnwHk6R9henbwevw9-psfyZm75lKOSIVH_tg_Viv4fR7HmA2fBBuDcFEORJFSF6O_99tks0OiqyStY54bC-Bg3vnGv_NYpl-4p_1lNs9qo5Mfn8wjq_eRysuMw==&astse=3898e191f6d37a54&assa=4249,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
226,waste management,Indeed,p_ae75c4e2b28628d0,Production Technology Support,THE RENEWAL WORKSHOP, Amsterdam,"The Renewal Workshop, Amsterdam

We are a company that cares deeply about the environment and about our employees. We treat our customers kindly and help apparel businesses to be more sustainable. We are like a family here and are looking for someone who can commit to a full time schedule. We would like someone who is interested in steady, long term work, a consistent schedule and has reliable transportation to work. We proudly provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

The Technology Support Role

Do you love how computer systems work and solving problems and helping your fellow team? Then this is the job for you.

We have a constant need to adapt and improve our technology systems, and the company has a need for someone to make sure the needs of our production team are considered along the way, and being the point of contact for questions related to our inventory system and data. If you enjoy being a helper and have a brain for the many technology systems we use in production, this position might interest you.

Typical duties include:

Work with Production and Tech Users to facilitate production proﬁciency and data integrity
User onboarding to our systems, answering basic questions, assisting users with log-in issues, security settings and password recovery
Assist users in dashboard personalization and custom search functions
Highlight areas where the system is not eﬃciently supporting production
Troubleshoot NetSuite user issues
Assist with creation of SOPs to support our production team’s use of Netsuite and other systems
Assist with maintenance of SOP library and training videos
Facilitate technology training requests for production teams
Facilitate production data requests from Brand Partners and Technology
Assist with Data Modiﬁcation projects
Assist in production roles to ensure deep understanding of factory ﬂoor and processes
Light support of tech toolchain; training on TRW-speciﬁc systems will be provided

Metrics for success:

User engagement with system/processes
Level of training and knowledge of the system amongst users
Clear communication between Production and Technology on usability and functionality of the system with production
Strong training program so the Production team feels supported

Rate: €40,000–45,000
Job Location: Amsterdam, NL
Position Type: Full Time
Job Category: Technology, Production
Perks: Insurance and other beneﬁts, paid holidays, paid time off

Experience and Skills:

We will consider any combination of education and professional or personal lived experience that would provide the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability to perform the job
Excellent computer skills
Fluent or professional working proﬁciency in English
Patient communicator to ensure all communication styles are considered
Ability to manage complex issues
Commitment to speaking and contributing to improving the company
Very detail oriented, precise and exact
Able to take direction and supervision
Great problem solver and self-manager
Adheres to all safety policies and procedures as set forth by The Renewal Workshop
Willingness to perform other projects as assigned
Pursues continuous improvement to improve eﬃciency of job duties and work-ﬂow
Cleans and maintains work area
Ability to work in a fast paced, multifunctional team oriented work environment
Demonstrates good attendance and punctuality
Must be 18 or older, High School diploma or GED preferred

Physical Requirements:

You must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations:

Must be able to talk; express or exchange ideas by means of the spoken word; those activities where detailed or important spoken instructions or information must be conveyed to others accurately, loudly or quickly (by phone or in person).
Must be able to hear; perceiving the nature of sounds at normal speaking levels with or without correction, and having the ability to receive detailed information through oral communication, and making fine discriminations in sound.
Must be able to stand/sit at computer workstations for long periods of time during shift.

About The Renewal Workshop

The Renewal Workshop is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. We are helping brands reduce their negative environmental impacts and expand their businesses by adopting circular practices. We offer Apparel and Textile Renewal, Sales Channel Management for Renewed Products, Circular Mapping, Data Collection and Textile Recycling R&D.

Our proprietary Renewal System takes discarded apparel and textiles and turns them into Renewed Products, upcycling materials or feedstock for recycling. We track data on everything that flows through the system offering comprehensive insights never before available on products lifetime value and impact. The Renewal Workshop operates a zero waste circular system that recovers value out of what has already been created as a way of serving customers, partners, and planet.

Equal Opportunity

The Renewal Workshop provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Renewal Workshop complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Any interested candidates please submit a cover letter and resume to jobs@renewalworkshop.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
227,waste management,Indeed,p_a200220822e0077e,Production Technology Support,THE RENEWAL WORKSHOP, Amsterdam,"The Renewal Workshop, Amsterdam

We are a company that cares deeply about the environment and about our employees. We treat our customers kindly and help apparel businesses to be more sustainable. We are like a family here and are looking for someone who can commit to a full time schedule. We would like someone who is interested in steady, long term work, a consistent schedule and has reliable transportation to work. We proudly provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

The Technology Support Role

Do you love how computer systems work and solving problems and helping your fellow team? Then this is the job for you.

We have a constant need to adapt and improve our technology systems, and the company has a need for someone to make sure the needs of our production team are considered along the way, and being the point of contact for questions related to our inventory system and data. If you enjoy being a helper and have a brain for the many technology systems we use in production, this position might interest you.

Typical duties include:

Work with Production and Tech Users to facilitate production proﬁciency and data integrity
User onboarding to our systems, answering basic questions, assisting users with log-in issues, security settings and password recovery
Assist users in dashboard personalization and custom search functions
Highlight areas where the system is not eﬃciently supporting production
Troubleshoot NetSuite user issues
Assist with creation of SOPs to support our production team’s use of Netsuite and other systems
Assist with maintenance of SOP library and training videos
Facilitate technology training requests for production teams
Facilitate production data requests from Brand Partners and Technology
Assist with Data Modiﬁcation projects
Assist in production roles to ensure deep understanding of factory ﬂoor and processes
Light support of tech toolchain; training on TRW-speciﬁc systems will be provided

Metrics for success:

User engagement with system/processes
Level of training and knowledge of the system amongst users
Clear communication between Production and Technology on usability and functionality of the system with production
Strong training program so the Production team feels supported

Rate: €40,000–45,000
Job Location: Amsterdam, NL
Position Type: Full Time
Job Category: Technology, Production
Perks: Insurance and other beneﬁts, paid holidays, paid time off

Experience and Skills:

We will consider any combination of education and professional or personal lived experience that would provide the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability to perform the job
Excellent computer skills
Fluent or professional working proﬁciency in English
Patient communicator to ensure all communication styles are considered
Ability to manage complex issues
Commitment to speaking and contributing to improving the company
Very detail oriented, precise and exact
Able to take direction and supervision
Great problem solver and self-manager
Adheres to all safety policies and procedures as set forth by The Renewal Workshop
Willingness to perform other projects as assigned
Pursues continuous improvement to improve eﬃciency of job duties and work-ﬂow
Cleans and maintains work area
Ability to work in a fast paced, multifunctional team oriented work environment
Demonstrates good attendance and punctuality
Must be 18 or older, High School diploma or GED preferred

Physical Requirements:

You must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations:

Must be able to talk; express or exchange ideas by means of the spoken word; those activities where detailed or important spoken instructions or information must be conveyed to others accurately, loudly or quickly (by phone or in person).
Must be able to hear; perceiving the nature of sounds at normal speaking levels with or without correction, and having the ability to receive detailed information through oral communication, and making fine discriminations in sound.
Must be able to stand/sit at computer workstations for long periods of time during shift.

About The Renewal Workshop

The Renewal Workshop is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. We are helping brands reduce their negative environmental impacts and expand their businesses by adopting circular practices. We offer Apparel and Textile Renewal, Sales Channel Management for Renewed Products, Circular Mapping, Data Collection and Textile Recycling R&D.

Our proprietary Renewal System takes discarded apparel and textiles and turns them into Renewed Products, upcycling materials or feedstock for recycling. We track data on everything that flows through the system offering comprehensive insights never before available on products lifetime value and impact. The Renewal Workshop operates a zero waste circular system that recovers value out of what has already been created as a way of serving customers, partners, and planet.

Equal Opportunity

The Renewal Workshop provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Renewal Workshop complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Any interested candidates please submit a cover letter and resume to jobs@renewalworkshop.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a200220822e0077e&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
228,waste management,Indeed,p_225605f161a15b99,Production Technology Support,THE RENEWAL WORKSHOP, Amsterdam,"The Renewal Workshop, Amsterdam

We are a company that cares deeply about the environment and about our employees. We treat our customers kindly and help apparel businesses to be more sustainable. We are like a family here and are looking for someone who can commit to a full time schedule. We would like someone who is interested in steady, long term work, a consistent schedule and has reliable transportation to work. We proudly provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

The Technology Support Role

Do you love how computer systems work and solving problems and helping your fellow team? Then this is the job for you.

We have a constant need to adapt and improve our technology systems, and the company has a need for someone to make sure the needs of our production team are considered along the way, and being the point of contact for questions related to our inventory system and data. If you enjoy being a helper and have a brain for the many technology systems we use in production, this position might interest you.

Typical duties include:

Work with Production and Tech Users to facilitate production proﬁciency and data integrity
User onboarding to our systems, answering basic questions, assisting users with log-in issues, security settings and password recovery
Assist users in dashboard personalization and custom search functions
Highlight areas where the system is not eﬃciently supporting production
Troubleshoot NetSuite user issues
Assist with creation of SOPs to support our production team’s use of Netsuite and other systems
Assist with maintenance of SOP library and training videos
Facilitate technology training requests for production teams
Facilitate production data requests from Brand Partners and Technology
Assist with Data Modiﬁcation projects
Assist in production roles to ensure deep understanding of factory ﬂoor and processes
Light support of tech toolchain; training on TRW-speciﬁc systems will be provided

Metrics for success:

User engagement with system/processes
Level of training and knowledge of the system amongst users
Clear communication between Production and Technology on usability and functionality of the system with production
Strong training program so the Production team feels supported

Rate: €40,000–45,000
Job Location: Amsterdam, NL
Position Type: Full Time
Job Category: Technology, Production
Perks: Insurance and other beneﬁts, paid holidays, paid time off

Experience and Skills:

We will consider any combination of education and professional or personal lived experience that would provide the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability to perform the job
Excellent computer skills
Fluent or professional working proﬁciency in English
Patient communicator to ensure all communication styles are considered
Ability to manage complex issues
Commitment to speaking and contributing to improving the company
Very detail oriented, precise and exact
Able to take direction and supervision
Great problem solver and self-manager
Adheres to all safety policies and procedures as set forth by The Renewal Workshop
Willingness to perform other projects as assigned
Pursues continuous improvement to improve eﬃciency of job duties and work-ﬂow
Cleans and maintains work area
Ability to work in a fast paced, multifunctional team oriented work environment
Demonstrates good attendance and punctuality
Must be 18 or older, High School diploma or GED preferred

Physical Requirements:

You must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations:

Must be able to talk; express or exchange ideas by means of the spoken word; those activities where detailed or important spoken instructions or information must be conveyed to others accurately, loudly or quickly (by phone or in person).
Must be able to hear; perceiving the nature of sounds at normal speaking levels with or without correction, and having the ability to receive detailed information through oral communication, and making fine discriminations in sound.
Must be able to stand/sit at computer workstations for long periods of time during shift.

About The Renewal Workshop

The Renewal Workshop is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. We are helping brands reduce their negative environmental impacts and expand their businesses by adopting circular practices. We offer Apparel and Textile Renewal, Sales Channel Management for Renewed Products, Circular Mapping, Data Collection and Textile Recycling R&D.

Our proprietary Renewal System takes discarded apparel and textiles and turns them into Renewed Products, upcycling materials or feedstock for recycling. We track data on everything that flows through the system offering comprehensive insights never before available on products lifetime value and impact. The Renewal Workshop operates a zero waste circular system that recovers value out of what has already been created as a way of serving customers, partners, and planet.

Equal Opportunity

The Renewal Workshop provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Renewal Workshop complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Any interested candidates please submit a cover letter and resume to jobs@renewalworkshop.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=225605f161a15b99&fccid=0d08f0bed2d01b01&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
229,waste management,Indeed,p_fbb38653d4c48e8e,Production Technology Support,THE RENEWAL WORKSHOP, Amsterdam,"The Renewal Workshop, Amsterdam

We are a company that cares deeply about the environment and about our employees. We treat our customers kindly and help apparel businesses to be more sustainable. We are like a family here and are looking for someone who can commit to a full time schedule. We would like someone who is interested in steady, long term work, a consistent schedule and has reliable transportation to work. We proudly provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

The Technology Support Role

Do you love how computer systems work and solving problems and helping your fellow team? Then this is the job for you.

We have a constant need to adapt and improve our technology systems, and the company has a need for someone to make sure the needs of our production team are considered along the way, and being the point of contact for questions related to our inventory system and data. If you enjoy being a helper and have a brain for the many technology systems we use in production, this position might interest you.

Typical duties include:

Work with Production and Tech Users to facilitate production proﬁciency and data integrity
User onboarding to our systems, answering basic questions, assisting users with log-in issues, security settings and password recovery
Assist users in dashboard personalization and custom search functions
Highlight areas where the system is not eﬃciently supporting production
Troubleshoot NetSuite user issues
Assist with creation of SOPs to support our production team’s use of Netsuite and other systems
Assist with maintenance of SOP library and training videos
Facilitate technology training requests for production teams
Facilitate production data requests from Brand Partners and Technology
Assist with Data Modiﬁcation projects
Assist in production roles to ensure deep understanding of factory ﬂoor and processes
Light support of tech toolchain; training on TRW-speciﬁc systems will be provided

Metrics for success:

User engagement with system/processes
Level of training and knowledge of the system amongst users
Clear communication between Production and Technology on usability and functionality of the system with production
Strong training program so the Production team feels supported

Rate: €40,000–45,000
Job Location: Amsterdam, NL
Position Type: Full Time
Job Category: Technology, Production
Perks: Insurance and other beneﬁts, paid holidays, paid time off

Experience and Skills:

We will consider any combination of education and professional or personal lived experience that would provide the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability to perform the job
Excellent computer skills
Fluent or professional working proﬁciency in English
Patient communicator to ensure all communication styles are considered
Ability to manage complex issues
Commitment to speaking and contributing to improving the company
Very detail oriented, precise and exact
Able to take direction and supervision
Great problem solver and self-manager
Adheres to all safety policies and procedures as set forth by The Renewal Workshop
Willingness to perform other projects as assigned
Pursues continuous improvement to improve eﬃciency of job duties and work-ﬂow
Cleans and maintains work area
Ability to work in a fast paced, multifunctional team oriented work environment
Demonstrates good attendance and punctuality
Must be 18 or older, High School diploma or GED preferred

Physical Requirements:

You must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations:

Must be able to talk; express or exchange ideas by means of the spoken word; those activities where detailed or important spoken instructions or information must be conveyed to others accurately, loudly or quickly (by phone or in person).
Must be able to hear; perceiving the nature of sounds at normal speaking levels with or without correction, and having the ability to receive detailed information through oral communication, and making fine discriminations in sound.
Must be able to stand/sit at computer workstations for long periods of time during shift.

About The Renewal Workshop

The Renewal Workshop is the leading provider of circular solutions for apparel and textile brands. We are helping brands reduce their negative environmental impacts and expand their businesses by adopting circular practices. We offer Apparel and Textile Renewal, Sales Channel Management for Renewed Products, Circular Mapping, Data Collection and Textile Recycling R&D.

Our proprietary Renewal System takes discarded apparel and textiles and turns them into Renewed Products, upcycling materials or feedstock for recycling. We track data on everything that flows through the system offering comprehensive insights never before available on products lifetime value and impact. The Renewal Workshop operates a zero waste circular system that recovers value out of what has already been created as a way of serving customers, partners, and planet.

Equal Opportunity

The Renewal Workshop provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Renewal Workshop complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Any interested candidates please submit a cover letter and resume to jobs@renewalworkshop.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fbb38653d4c48e8e&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
230,waste management,Indeed,p_ae75c4e2b28628d0,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-01,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
231,waste management,Indeed,p_20360a6e1fd394b6,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=20360a6e1fd394b6&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
232,waste management,Indeed,p_225605f161a15b99,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=225605f161a15b99&fccid=0d08f0bed2d01b01&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
233,waste management,Indeed,p_4626c3330bfa857d,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
234,waste management,Indeed,p_dadd406ba0cd38c4,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dadd406ba0cd38c4&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
235,waste management,Indeed,p_e3366819fe452c9f,CRM Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our CRM Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM and an e-commerce environment;
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b5e51643158d4a9b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e4ae86a39d3c7c30&assa=5574,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
236,waste management,Indeed,p_e3366819fe452c9f,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
237,waste management,Indeed,p_24c0bceef3d761a7,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Airspace-BV/jobs/Accounting-Manager-Nl-24c0bceef3d761a7?fccid=b74845e09d380f46&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
238,waste management,Indeed,p_4626c3330bfa857d,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
239,waste management,Indeed,p_bca9561b7bd4b3a3,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bca9561b7bd4b3a3&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
240,waste management,Indeed,p_6117bcaabf406d32,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6117bcaabf406d32&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,business services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,M,0.42133726647000985,0.5786627335299902,0.35693215339233036,0.6425762045231072,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
241,waste management,Indeed,p_6bd2d98e2ecf5412,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea573d1231ba3229&assa=6759,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6bd2d98e2ecf5412&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,22 dagen geleden,22 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
242,waste management,Indeed,p_6117bcaabf406d32,Key Account Manager Retail,Too Good To Go, Amsterdam,"Too Good To Go is the world's number 1 app for fighting food waste. Why do we need to do that? Because 1/3 of the food produced in the world is wasted. And that has a huge impact on the health of our planet, 8% of greenhouse gas emissions come from food waste!

Our app has more than 32 million users across Europe, but we're more than an app. Our mission is to inspire and empower everyone to take action against food waste, so we're doing all we can to create educational tools, make our knowledge as accessible as possible, find new business solutions and even change legislation to reduce food waste. We're growing fast with 15 active countries currently and more to come and we are a certified B Corporation. But here's what really matters: through our app, we've saved more than 60 million meals from the bin - and it's only the beginning!

We're proud of what we've achieved so far, but did we mention the issue is huge? We are looking for a Key Account Manager to help us tackle this issue even faster and accelerate our growth!

Your mission:

We are looking for an experienced, dedicated and self-driven Key Account Manager with a passion for tackling food waste in a commercial way. Reporting directly to the Head of Sales, you will be pivotal in driving acquisition and development of partnerships with supermarkets. You will use your key account experience to continue raising the bar with our key accounts in the Netherlands by managing your own portfolio. You will be part of the Global Sales team where best practices and learnings will be shared across borders with our tribe of 750 waste warriors around the globe.

Your role:

Account management for key chains and partners from lead generation to roll out; autonomy in managing these Key Accounts and ensuring the relationship is strong and business KPIs are met.
Onboarding and training new stores in an efficient and scalable way, working with store-level contacts and senior stakeholders.
Identifying new and innovative opportunities to improve existing accounts to help them save more meals. Inputting into the Dutch strategy and assisting with international cooperation across global key chain opportunities.
Finding new business and opportunities, as well as mapping an account's organizational hierarchy to create an account stakeholder matrix.
Pitching, creating and delivering high quality and professional presentations to potential new partners, and confidently speaking about the business and food waste proposition.
Winning new businesses and growing existing accounts to achieve business targets set. Proving the business case with pilots and working with the client to define success metrics with the objective of rolling out.
Researching the market and identifying potential target stores especially within larger chains.
Taking a proactive approach to partner excellence and account management to ensure the highest quality service delivery.
Arranging meetings with chain HQ and individual stores and carrying out product demonstrations.
Using our systems to effectively manage your leads and upload sign-ups quickly and easily onto our app.
Working to weekly and monthly sales targets and KPIs.
Undertaking ad-hoc tasks to improve the Too Good To Go service offering and other ad hoc tasks connected to the Key Account activities.

Requirements:

You have strong experience working in sales and account management (at least 5 years) and a proven track record of acquiring new key accounts in the food sector. A background in FMCG is a strong plus.
You are business and performance driven with previous experience in a Key Account Manager role.
You're a negotiator by nature but with an eye for relationship building and have the ability to lead negotiations and create and deliver high impact pitches with excellent commercial acumen.
You have the ability to work cross-functionally to develop strategies to win key accounts.
You are a fast learner and can handle working on multiple tasks as you enjoy high performance and fast changing environments. You possess a high degree of self-motivation, proactiveness, forward thinking and assertiveness in order to manage expectations from leads as well as driving internal collaboration.
You have experience with project management and are able to create implementation plans for large roll-outs across complex organizations.
You are experienced in using a CRM/Sales tool.
You speak Dutch fluently and are a top of the class English speaker. You have the ability to speak to stakeholders at varying levels in an organization, tailoring your key message and being able to listen to the needs of their business.
You are a make-it-happen person who doesn't hesitate to roll up your sleeves – but you also think about the long-term business implications and requirements.
You have a true passion for sustainability - you understand the urgency of action for the planet.
You have a proven network within the Food & Beverages Industry and/or Food Retail.

What we have to offer:

A unique opportunity to work in a social impact organization (and certified B Corporation) where you get to wake up every day knowing you're achieving positive change.
The experience of being part of an international company with 750+ enthusiastic and highly talented waste warriors across 15 countries (and counting) – always ready to share knowledge and support.
Strong personal as well as professional development in an intense and high growth scale-up environment.
An open company culture where you have the independence and room to unleash your potential and contribute to our local Key Account Strategy.
A strong team culture where successes are celebrated together.
A competitive salary package.

Our values:

We fight together: food waste is a big beast to fight. We can do it if we fight together as Waste Warriors with no ego. We believe in a #oneteam.
We raise the bar: we always push for more. We work smart, smash barriers and elevate one another.
We keep it simple: our ambitions are bold but our solutions are simple.
We build a legacy: we're proud of the change we're driving.
We care: we always look out for each other. Caring is also about the way we do business. We do the right thing.

How to apply?

Do you want to be part of something huge and do you recognize yourself in the above description? We look forward to hearing from you. A video screening and case assessment will be part of our recruitment process.

We take recruitment very seriously, so please carefully read everything we have written above including our requirements. Please also check our website and international media in order to get a good overview of Too Good To Go. We only accept applications coming through our platform: no resume or cover letter will be accepted by email or Linkedin direct messaging.

Too Good To Go is an equal opportunity employer.

Acquisition based on this vacancy is not appreciated.
A Movement for Everyone
We want to inspire and empower everyone to fight food waste together. With that mission, it's only natural that we want to build a diverse and inclusive team of highly capable individuals who are passionate about doing things in a better way. We strongly believe we all excel and are more creative when we're allowed to be ourselves, and we're committed to a culture where all of us belong.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. If you need reasonable accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=7dad59d33ed1fe47&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=14f874f9aced1f7a&assa=2917,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6117bcaabf406d32&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,business services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,M,0.42133726647000985,0.5786627335299902,0.35693215339233036,0.6425762045231072,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
243,waste management,Indeed,p_6bd2d98e2ecf5412,Key Account Manager Retail,Too Good To Go, Amsterdam,"Too Good To Go is the world's number 1 app for fighting food waste. Why do we need to do that? Because 1/3 of the food produced in the world is wasted. And that has a huge impact on the health of our planet, 8% of greenhouse gas emissions come from food waste!

Our app has more than 32 million users across Europe, but we're more than an app. Our mission is to inspire and empower everyone to take action against food waste, so we're doing all we can to create educational tools, make our knowledge as accessible as possible, find new business solutions and even change legislation to reduce food waste. We're growing fast with 15 active countries currently and more to come and we are a certified B Corporation. But here's what really matters: through our app, we've saved more than 60 million meals from the bin - and it's only the beginning!

We're proud of what we've achieved so far, but did we mention the issue is huge? We are looking for a Key Account Manager to help us tackle this issue even faster and accelerate our growth!

Your mission:

We are looking for an experienced, dedicated and self-driven Key Account Manager with a passion for tackling food waste in a commercial way. Reporting directly to the Head of Sales, you will be pivotal in driving acquisition and development of partnerships with supermarkets. You will use your key account experience to continue raising the bar with our key accounts in the Netherlands by managing your own portfolio. You will be part of the Global Sales team where best practices and learnings will be shared across borders with our tribe of 750 waste warriors around the globe.

Your role:

Account management for key chains and partners from lead generation to roll out; autonomy in managing these Key Accounts and ensuring the relationship is strong and business KPIs are met.
Onboarding and training new stores in an efficient and scalable way, working with store-level contacts and senior stakeholders.
Identifying new and innovative opportunities to improve existing accounts to help them save more meals. Inputting into the Dutch strategy and assisting with international cooperation across global key chain opportunities.
Finding new business and opportunities, as well as mapping an account's organizational hierarchy to create an account stakeholder matrix.
Pitching, creating and delivering high quality and professional presentations to potential new partners, and confidently speaking about the business and food waste proposition.
Winning new businesses and growing existing accounts to achieve business targets set. Proving the business case with pilots and working with the client to define success metrics with the objective of rolling out.
Researching the market and identifying potential target stores especially within larger chains.
Taking a proactive approach to partner excellence and account management to ensure the highest quality service delivery.
Arranging meetings with chain HQ and individual stores and carrying out product demonstrations.
Using our systems to effectively manage your leads and upload sign-ups quickly and easily onto our app.
Working to weekly and monthly sales targets and KPIs.
Undertaking ad-hoc tasks to improve the Too Good To Go service offering and other ad hoc tasks connected to the Key Account activities.

Requirements:

You have strong experience working in sales and account management (at least 5 years) and a proven track record of acquiring new key accounts in the food sector. A background in FMCG is a strong plus.
You are business and performance driven with previous experience in a Key Account Manager role.
You're a negotiator by nature but with an eye for relationship building and have the ability to lead negotiations and create and deliver high impact pitches with excellent commercial acumen.
You have the ability to work cross-functionally to develop strategies to win key accounts.
You are a fast learner and can handle working on multiple tasks as you enjoy high performance and fast changing environments. You possess a high degree of self-motivation, proactiveness, forward thinking and assertiveness in order to manage expectations from leads as well as driving internal collaboration.
You have experience with project management and are able to create implementation plans for large roll-outs across complex organizations.
You are experienced in using a CRM/Sales tool.
You speak Dutch fluently and are a top of the class English speaker. You have the ability to speak to stakeholders at varying levels in an organization, tailoring your key message and being able to listen to the needs of their business.
You are a make-it-happen person who doesn't hesitate to roll up your sleeves – but you also think about the long-term business implications and requirements.
You have a true passion for sustainability - you understand the urgency of action for the planet.
You have a proven network within the Food & Beverages Industry and/or Food Retail.

What we have to offer:

A unique opportunity to work in a social impact organization (and certified B Corporation) where you get to wake up every day knowing you're achieving positive change.
The experience of being part of an international company with 750+ enthusiastic and highly talented waste warriors across 15 countries (and counting) – always ready to share knowledge and support.
Strong personal as well as professional development in an intense and high growth scale-up environment.
An open company culture where you have the independence and room to unleash your potential and contribute to our local Key Account Strategy.
A strong team culture where successes are celebrated together.
A competitive salary package.

Our values:

We fight together: food waste is a big beast to fight. We can do it if we fight together as Waste Warriors with no ego. We believe in a #oneteam.
We raise the bar: we always push for more. We work smart, smash barriers and elevate one another.
We keep it simple: our ambitions are bold but our solutions are simple.
We build a legacy: we're proud of the change we're driving.
We care: we always look out for each other. Caring is also about the way we do business. We do the right thing.

How to apply?

Do you want to be part of something huge and do you recognize yourself in the above description? We look forward to hearing from you. A video screening and case assessment will be part of our recruitment process.

We take recruitment very seriously, so please carefully read everything we have written above including our requirements. Please also check our website and international media in order to get a good overview of Too Good To Go. We only accept applications coming through our platform: no resume or cover letter will be accepted by email or Linkedin direct messaging.

Too Good To Go is an equal opportunity employer.

Acquisition based on this vacancy is not appreciated.
A Movement for Everyone
We want to inspire and empower everyone to fight food waste together. With that mission, it's only natural that we want to build a diverse and inclusive team of highly capable individuals who are passionate about doing things in a better way. We strongly believe we all excel and are more creative when we're allowed to be ourselves, and we're committed to a culture where all of us belong.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. If you need reasonable accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=7dad59d33ed1fe47&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=14f874f9aced1f7a&assa=2917,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6bd2d98e2ecf5412&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
244,waste management,Indeed,p_6bd2d98e2ecf5412,Group Technical Program Manager - Payments,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Booking’s Payments organization is seeking a sharp, talented and energetic Senior Technical Program Manager to build a Payments platform that delivers against an ambitious roadmap of business objectives.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, and will have a deep technical background in e-commerce, Payments architecture and billing systems development. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and help drive change.

As a Group TPM, your core responsibility would be to support growth and development of Technical Program Managers as they drive planning, prioritization and program execution to ensure high availability of our Payments organization. An ability to take large, complex projects and break them down into manageable pieces, develop functional specifications, then deliver them in a successful and timely manner is expected. We are looking for entrepreneurial, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems. Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence, analytical talent, and leadership are essential to success in this role.

Knowledge of the following is required service-oriented architecture, product development, build processes, agile project management, release schedules.

Responsibilities

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
Plan and manage multiple parallel projects
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints, and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive

Qualifications

Computer Science / Engineering Bachelor’s degree or related technical field
10+ years relevant work experience, including technical program management experience in Financial Technology firms or Payments technology divisions
3+ years of experience as a People Manager
Experience managing an organization of program managers, including building and growing the team
Experience moving technical or engineering programs or products from inception to delivery, and experience articulating the impact using metrics, growth examples, return, etc
Experience structuring an organization that optimizes for execution, including attracting talent and building out gaps in the existing team
Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products
Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.
Experience establishing work relationships across multi-disciplinary teams and multiple partners in different time zones",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a3c35d47e10d47a2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d88b40ae0ceb6ffe&assa=3321,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6bd2d98e2ecf5412&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
245,waste management,Indeed,p_98898b3bc2392aac,Group Technical Program Manager - Payments,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Booking’s Payments organization is seeking a sharp, talented and energetic Senior Technical Program Manager to build a Payments platform that delivers against an ambitious roadmap of business objectives.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, and will have a deep technical background in e-commerce, Payments architecture and billing systems development. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and help drive change.

As a Group TPM, your core responsibility would be to support growth and development of Technical Program Managers as they drive planning, prioritization and program execution to ensure high availability of our Payments organization. An ability to take large, complex projects and break them down into manageable pieces, develop functional specifications, then deliver them in a successful and timely manner is expected. We are looking for entrepreneurial, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems. Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence, analytical talent, and leadership are essential to success in this role.

Knowledge of the following is required service-oriented architecture, product development, build processes, agile project management, release schedules.

Responsibilities

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
Plan and manage multiple parallel projects
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints, and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive

Qualifications

Computer Science / Engineering Bachelor’s degree or related technical field
10+ years relevant work experience, including technical program management experience in Financial Technology firms or Payments technology divisions
3+ years of experience as a People Manager
Experience managing an organization of program managers, including building and growing the team
Experience moving technical or engineering programs or products from inception to delivery, and experience articulating the impact using metrics, growth examples, return, etc
Experience structuring an organization that optimizes for execution, including attracting talent and building out gaps in the existing team
Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products
Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.
Experience establishing work relationships across multi-disciplinary teams and multiple partners in different time zones",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a3c35d47e10d47a2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d88b40ae0ceb6ffe&assa=3321,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=98898b3bc2392aac&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
246,waste management,Indeed,p_1a3971508fa4d54b,Group Technical Program Manager - Payments,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Booking’s Payments organization is seeking a sharp, talented and energetic Senior Technical Program Manager to build a Payments platform that delivers against an ambitious roadmap of business objectives.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong TPM background, with demonstrated experience leading large cross-organizational software development projects, and will have a deep technical background in e-commerce, Payments architecture and billing systems development. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and help drive change.

As a Group TPM, your core responsibility would be to support growth and development of Technical Program Managers as they drive planning, prioritization and program execution to ensure high availability of our Payments organization. An ability to take large, complex projects and break them down into manageable pieces, develop functional specifications, then deliver them in a successful and timely manner is expected. We are looking for entrepreneurial, innovative individuals who thrive on solving tough problems. Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence, analytical talent, and leadership are essential to success in this role.

Knowledge of the following is required service-oriented architecture, product development, build processes, agile project management, release schedules.

Responsibilities

Be the driving force that collaborates with business and technical teams across Booking to make sure your teams deliver world class solutions that are highly scalable, secure, and flexible - all the while maintaining a strong customer focus.
Interact with project sponsors, project stakeholders and multiple business and technical teams to define and deliver complex features
Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints
Plan and manage multiple parallel projects
The ability to slice through ambiguity and drive clarity where confusion exists; leveraging technical expertise with strong business acumen
Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization, identify inefficient processes or waste and redirect resources as necessary
Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels
Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders
Communicate project issues and status in a concise, accurate, and professional manner
Insatiable curiosity and ability to understand architectural and technical aspects of projects
Apply best practices to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for projects based on experiences with a number of agile and blended approaches, as well effectively coordinating the implementations across teams using very different approaches
Build and maintain integrated project schedules that account for internal/external dependencies, differing SDLC approaches, numerous constraints, and adequately factors in some contingency for some unplanned delays while still being aggressive

Qualifications

Computer Science / Engineering Bachelor’s degree or related technical field
10+ years relevant work experience, including technical program management experience in Financial Technology firms or Payments technology divisions
3+ years of experience as a People Manager
Experience managing an organization of program managers, including building and growing the team
Experience moving technical or engineering programs or products from inception to delivery, and experience articulating the impact using metrics, growth examples, return, etc
Experience structuring an organization that optimizes for execution, including attracting talent and building out gaps in the existing team
Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products
Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.
Experience establishing work relationships across multi-disciplinary teams and multiple partners in different time zones",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a3c35d47e10d47a2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d88b40ae0ceb6ffe&assa=3321,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1a3971508fa4d54b&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
247,waste management,Indeed,p_e12f88d8164203c7,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e12f88d8164203c7&fccid=386d7ba33a30c69b&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
248,waste management,Indeed,p_536dfd0032bd5d08,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=536dfd0032bd5d08&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
249,waste management,Indeed,p_6776455eb4c2ce5e,Global Procurement Category Manager - Security and EHS,Bramwith Consulting, Amsterdam,"Job Details
Location:
Amsterdam, North Holland
Posting date:
19 Oct 2020
Job type:
Permanent
Sector:
FMCG
Salary
£75000.00 - £90000.00
Global Procurement Category Manager - Security, Environment, Health & Safety

Market Leading FMCG Organization

Location - Madrid, Spain; Relocation required.

Salary - €75k-€90k + Comprehensive benefits (Car, Bonus, Meal Voucher, etc)

Contact - Rikard, JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk

Reference - 12781.2

As part of a major global business transformation, this market-leading FMCG firm is currently establishing a global procurement center of excellence out of their offices in Madrid. Bramwith Consulting is working exclusively with this organization to identify the best procurement talent in Europe to join this high-performance team.
One of the urgent requirements within the team currently is for a Global Procurement Category Manager for Security and Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) who will be responsible for creating and implementing the global and regional strategies for this spend area. The position will have oversight for over 80 countries where the business operates and will cover factory & office security systems, services, and technologies as well as a wide portfolio of EHS spend including Covid PPE, EHS Consulting, Waste Management, Facility operations and more.
This opportunity is excellent for individuals who have an expertise in Facilities Management Procurement with a specialist knowledge of Security and EHS spend who can deliver procurement best practices to this category at a global level. This is a very important spend category within the center of excellence as it directly impacts the day to day operations of offices and factories as well as the safety of all employees.
As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety

you will be expected to have the following skills:-

Proven track record of building regional and global category management strategies from scratch through internal stakeholder management and data analytics of facilities management spend
Excellent commercial and negotiation skills backed by a deep knowledge of the category
A solid understanding of corporate and manufacturing facility operations including hazards, safety, emissions and infrastructure
Ability to communicate effectively within a global matrix structured organization with a highly multi-cultural stakeholder base
Ability to generate consistent cost and cash flow improvements by implementing more effective sourcing and supplier management initiatives

If you are an ambitious facilities management procurement professional looking for an opportunity to deliver global impact within a market leading organization then this position should be your next career move. You will be exposed to C-level execs and be responsible for decisions that will impact the business on a global level across all their operating market. As the Global Procurement Category Manager for Security, Environment, Health & Safety you will take ownership of one of the most critical indirect spend categories that directly impacts all employees of the organization.
If you have the right skills and experience in global facilities management to take on this challenge then apply now with your most recent CV via the link above or directly to Rikard at JobsRL@bramwithconsulting.co.uk",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6776455eb4c2ce5e&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
250,waste management,Indeed,p_f594a2069fc9ee94,Senior Backend Engineer (Java),eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced backend engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.
Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better every single day
Ensure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systems
Engage with Product Management, Design, Business and Customers
Drive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deployment
Your profile:
Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatism
Strong programming skills in Java (5+ years)
Knowledge of Kotlin and or Scala is a plus
Believer in teamwork and a DevOps mindset
Experience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and Maven
Experience with cloud storage technologies (Spanner, Cassandra)
Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, GCP)
Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutions
Team player but can work independently as well
Ability to mentor others in a field of expertise
Ideally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-Performance
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=38da2f617446eae2&assa=2930,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f594a2069fc9ee94&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,20 dagen geleden,20 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
251,waste management,Indeed,p_56d36ab974cb1ee8,Senior Backend Engineer (Java),eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced backend engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.
Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better every single day
Ensure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systems
Engage with Product Management, Design, Business and Customers
Drive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deployment
Your profile:
Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatism
Strong programming skills in Java (5+ years)
Knowledge of Kotlin and or Scala is a plus
Believer in teamwork and a DevOps mindset
Experience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and Maven
Experience with cloud storage technologies (Spanner, Cassandra)
Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, GCP)
Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutions
Team player but can work independently as well
Ability to mentor others in a field of expertise
Ideally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-Performance
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=38da2f617446eae2&assa=2930,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=56d36ab974cb1ee8&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,20 dagen geleden,20 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
252,waste management,Indeed,p_c1a04b110ef679c7,Senior Backend Engineer (Java),eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced backend engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.
Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better every single day
Ensure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systems
Engage with Product Management, Design, Business and Customers
Drive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deployment
Your profile:
Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatism
Strong programming skills in Java (5+ years)
Knowledge of Kotlin and or Scala is a plus
Believer in teamwork and a DevOps mindset
Experience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and Maven
Experience with cloud storage technologies (Spanner, Cassandra)
Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, GCP)
Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutions
Team player but can work independently as well
Ability to mentor others in a field of expertise
Ideally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-Performance
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=38da2f617446eae2&assa=2930,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c1a04b110ef679c7&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,20 dagen geleden,20 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
253,waste management,Indeed,p_740b2ba62934f7aa,Senior Backend Engineer (Java),eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust.
About the business:
Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets.
Team description
The central monetization teams play a key role in handling several revenue streams while enhancing the user’s experience on our platforms. The advertising ecosystem is very complex and all our local entities work with several technologies to monetise their content. It’s our responsibility to provide them the tools to balance revenue and user experience for sustainable monetization. All of this we do with multidisciplinary teams, working in an agile framework and in close collaboration with our local platforms and other global teams.
Your responsibilities / role:
We are looking for an experienced backend engineer to build up a team for more advertising innovation! You will partner closely with our data scientists, engineers and product managers to create scalable technology that enables local teams for advertising innovation.
Improve our applications and APIs for the advertising environment to become better every single day
Ensure code quality and maintainability by improving build and test systems
Engage with Product Management, Design, Business and Customers
Drive your own ideas for code and process improvement and achieve the next level together with the team, be involved in the whole development lifecycle from architecture to QA and deployment
Your profile:
Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatism
Strong programming skills in Java (5+ years)
Knowledge of Kotlin and or Scala is a plus
Believer in teamwork and a DevOps mindset
Experience with Continuous Delivery, Jenkins, Git and Maven
Experience with cloud storage technologies (Spanner, Cassandra)
Experience with modern deployment / Cloud environments (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, GCP)
Analytical demeanor to understand business needs, and come up with engineering solutions
Team player but can work independently as well
Ability to mentor others in a field of expertise
Ideally domain knowledge around Advertising, Analytics, Web-Performance
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs.
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Covid-19
People are the heart of the eBay Classifieds business, and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=38da2f617446eae2&assa=2930,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=740b2ba62934f7aa&fccid=0da3ed18c20a248d&vjs=3,20 dagen geleden,20 dagen geleden,2021-04-02,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
254,waste management,Indeed,p_4966ba545a0cd1cd,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vCVT3_gHNi5BFosALwc5JIB&spon=1&adid=315446063&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXI1LlAa0Giuiv9EmHNEe7EbaHVZYJM1nKrnSM8FBLL61ybkn3n7xBuD_wNy6z8Ih5y3E7HcQ5_3--YwhPoDSS4X77WeoVmsiaT-K-dCLYi7leQeXea5LtoK6Nqg4IT4yLlqBn3wYc4A1JfljRhdYbgdz1KB0Q0puibP0c7WOyCJYEqlc0Hj0s9XG5tmT8bo8-MBXxWb48XgLHzE-kmUV7ZNuSHTBsYDtNtBf1gSt0ghC8n4k05Nfi9Yutbs1ypWlFSHMQARDb6QuLOere9ZMf7JOXFDVn2A1J2O_2MrvtAN7hS61iSHdtdY7Bxk2vDYr_zAPoXDMODRSwJ80i5qT3hUDRbZs6W24TeA1rPv_8L7kH3pMXofoatpqrahH0ig0kdHUrGQSCfUyQUkv9Yll-VudOs0bfpaPsOXk_Nwem2EewBKu2-TlLOlUN0Qp3DS5nMYabr6j26PQ3I-ZkvKc4XE-BuG1SPKUQOYFeIAKSFrHpCIrCTa1dRqGc_aII933RCMoXN98cH8OX2Vr80i8c1hEES36j0_WTpBvw8O2ND4HxjmZuEFuT5WYpZSPcEjNTtY7MZcmUagH7iRw6Kl6QNliHOfAF2WmOWkCwpBqM3mHFKi16IxjQd_JByO_OZxAtjmsRQ-dnd3aNfCeqs8XBZlB2yyuPjYATGAYaNjoav3UgGuD4P9VzjhTmbwFFyyzLNRraGirhbRY96TVxjryLB-aPE2qKnqD5qkdOrMI5iTRAhbMMd7QFLCgv_VQo29omtDjuPAhiDYn&astse=b78420caf3eeb2ac&assa=8628,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4966ba545a0cd1cd&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
255,waste management,Indeed,p_56d36ab974cb1ee8,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vCVT3_gHNi5BFosALwc5JIB&spon=1&adid=315446063&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXI1LlAa0Giuiv9EmHNEe7EbaHVZYJM1nKrnSM8FBLL61ybkn3n7xBuD_wNy6z8Ih5y3E7HcQ5_3--YwhPoDSS4X77WeoVmsiaT-K-dCLYi7leQeXea5LtoK6Nqg4IT4yLlqBn3wYc4A1JfljRhdYbgdz1KB0Q0puibP0c7WOyCJYEqlc0Hj0s9XG5tmT8bo8-MBXxWb48XgLHzE-kmUV7ZNuSHTBsYDtNtBf1gSt0ghC8n4k05Nfi9Yutbs1ypWlFSHMQARDb6QuLOere9ZMf7JOXFDVn2A1J2O_2MrvtAN7hS61iSHdtdY7Bxk2vDYr_zAPoXDMODRSwJ80i5qT3hUDRbZs6W24TeA1rPv_8L7kH3pMXofoatpqrahH0ig0kdHUrGQSCfUyQUkv9Yll-VudOs0bfpaPsOXk_Nwem2EewBKu2-TlLOlUN0Qp3DS5nMYabr6j26PQ3I-ZkvKc4XE-BuG1SPKUQOYFeIAKSFrHpCIrCTa1dRqGc_aII933RCMoXN98cH8OX2Vr80i8c1hEES36j0_WTpBvw8O2ND4HxjmZuEFuT5WYpZSPcEjNTtY7MZcmUagH7iRw6Kl6QNliHOfAF2WmOWkCwpBqM3mHFKi16IxjQd_JByO_OZxAtjmsRQ-dnd3aNfCeqs8XBZlB2yyuPjYATGAYaNjoav3UgGuD4P9VzjhTmbwFFyyzLNRraGirhbRY96TVxjryLB-aPE2qKnqD5qkdOrMI5iTRAhbMMd7QFLCgv_VQo29omtDjuPAhiDYn&astse=b78420caf3eeb2ac&assa=8628,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=56d36ab974cb1ee8&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
256,waste management,Indeed,p_7954ebb7154e861b,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vCVT3_gHNi5BFosALwc5JIB&spon=1&adid=315446063&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXI1LlAa0Giuiv9EmHNEe7EbaHVZYJM1nKrnSM8FBLL61ybkn3n7xBuD_wNy6z8Ih5y3E7HcQ5_3--YwhPoDSS4X77WeoVmsiaT-K-dCLYi7leQeXea5LtoK6Nqg4IT4yLlqBn3wYc4A1JfljRhdYbgdz1KB0Q0puibP0c7WOyCJYEqlc0Hj0s9XG5tmT8bo8-MBXxWb48XgLHzE-kmUV7ZNuSHTBsYDtNtBf1gSt0ghC8n4k05Nfi9Yutbs1ypWlFSHMQARDb6QuLOere9ZMf7JOXFDVn2A1J2O_2MrvtAN7hS61iSHdtdY7Bxk2vDYr_zAPoXDMODRSwJ80i5qT3hUDRbZs6W24TeA1rPv_8L7kH3pMXofoatpqrahH0ig0kdHUrGQSCfUyQUkv9Yll-VudOs0bfpaPsOXk_Nwem2EewBKu2-TlLOlUN0Qp3DS5nMYabr6j26PQ3I-ZkvKc4XE-BuG1SPKUQOYFeIAKSFrHpCIrCTa1dRqGc_aII933RCMoXN98cH8OX2Vr80i8c1hEES36j0_WTpBvw8O2ND4HxjmZuEFuT5WYpZSPcEjNTtY7MZcmUagH7iRw6Kl6QNliHOfAF2WmOWkCwpBqM3mHFKi16IxjQd_JByO_OZxAtjmsRQ-dnd3aNfCeqs8XBZlB2yyuPjYATGAYaNjoav3UgGuD4P9VzjhTmbwFFyyzLNRraGirhbRY96TVxjryLB-aPE2qKnqD5qkdOrMI5iTRAhbMMd7QFLCgv_VQo29omtDjuPAhiDYn&astse=b78420caf3eeb2ac&assa=8628,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7954ebb7154e861b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
257,waste management,Indeed,p_b1c242a99fa560fe,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vCVT3_gHNi5BFosALwc5JIB&spon=1&adid=315446063&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXI1LlAa0Giuiv9EmHNEe7EbaHVZYJM1nKrnSM8FBLL61ybkn3n7xBuD_wNy6z8Ih5y3E7HcQ5_3--YwhPoDSS4X77WeoVmsiaT-K-dCLYi7leQeXea5LtoK6Nqg4IT4yLlqBn3wYc4A1JfljRhdYbgdz1KB0Q0puibP0c7WOyCJYEqlc0Hj0s9XG5tmT8bo8-MBXxWb48XgLHzE-kmUV7ZNuSHTBsYDtNtBf1gSt0ghC8n4k05Nfi9Yutbs1ypWlFSHMQARDb6QuLOere9ZMf7JOXFDVn2A1J2O_2MrvtAN7hS61iSHdtdY7Bxk2vDYr_zAPoXDMODRSwJ80i5qT3hUDRbZs6W24TeA1rPv_8L7kH3pMXofoatpqrahH0ig0kdHUrGQSCfUyQUkv9Yll-VudOs0bfpaPsOXk_Nwem2EewBKu2-TlLOlUN0Qp3DS5nMYabr6j26PQ3I-ZkvKc4XE-BuG1SPKUQOYFeIAKSFrHpCIrCTa1dRqGc_aII933RCMoXN98cH8OX2Vr80i8c1hEES36j0_WTpBvw8O2ND4HxjmZuEFuT5WYpZSPcEjNTtY7MZcmUagH7iRw6Kl6QNliHOfAF2WmOWkCwpBqM3mHFKi16IxjQd_JByO_OZxAtjmsRQ-dnd3aNfCeqs8XBZlB2yyuPjYATGAYaNjoav3UgGuD4P9VzjhTmbwFFyyzLNRraGirhbRY96TVxjryLB-aPE2qKnqD5qkdOrMI5iTRAhbMMd7QFLCgv_VQo29omtDjuPAhiDYn&astse=b78420caf3eeb2ac&assa=8628,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1c242a99fa560fe&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
258,waste management,Indeed,p_31a6593ba62d165b,Feedstock Development Manager,Argent Energy Netherlands Holding BV, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Working at Argent Energy is an opportunity to develop, to grow and a place to optimally develop your career. We offer a varied working environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. Argent Energy is a waste-based biodiesel producer with three operational locations in Scotland, England and the Netherlands. With the production of biofuel, Argent Energy wants to make a direct contribution to the global fight against climate change! We set ourselves the goal of expanding our organizational structure with short and direct lines (inter) nationally. To achieve this, we want to expand our team in the commercial department with a role for a:
Feedstock Development Manager | full time
Location: Amsterdam
As the Feedstock Development Manager at Argent Energy you are responsible for sourcing, developing and managing a pipeline of new (and often underdeveloped) raw materials from waste streams with the purpose of increasing new sustainable feedstock options for Argent’s biofuel facilities.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:•
Establish a pipeline of new feedstock opportunities;
Assess technical and commercial feasibility of newly presented feedstock options by coordinating with internal stakeholders and external regulatory departments;
Negotiate and close new feedstock supply contracts;
Build and leverage on an international network of individuals, companies and NGO’s that provide valuable information on market and technology;
Support new investment initiatives including new pre-treatment technology;
Liaise closely with internal stakeholders to ensure feedstocks are fit for purpose, sustainable and delivered on time and with the right specifications;
Keep up to date with all relevant legislative drivers within biofuels sector to ensure that Argent are able to exploit market for new sources of feedstock.
Business Development Activities:
Undertake strategic study of all available low cost feedstock materials from waste streams;
Support the trade team by assessing new opportunities that are presented;
Liaise with Sustainability team to ascertain new feedstock status;
Assess and understand the trade-offs for certain types of feedstock that impact biodiesel and by-products (glycerine / waste streams / BFO);
Pursue collaborative trials with customers/suppliers of feedstock. Write trial proposals, project manage trial loads, and write final reports;
Exploit business development opportunities, raising company profile and getting new business contacts within multiple waste industry sectors;
Attend conferences, events, expo’s, shows and presentations to raise company profile, build customer relationships and exploit potential business opportunities;
EU funding/grant applications as appropriate and in conjunction with the Business Support functions.
The Department
The Trading Team is responsible for the purchase of raw materials and chemicals and the sale of products (biodiesel, biofuels, bio-glycerin and bio-fertilisers). The team consists of Head of Trade, 3 (Senior) Traders, Book Manager and 2 Business Development Analysts and this role. The working language in this department is English.
Requirements
You recognize yourself in the following competencies: attention to detail, ambitious, quality-conscious, financially analytical, commercial and a team player.
You also bring:
A completed bachelor / university education (preferably Chemistry or Waste Management) at least 3 years of work experience;
Ideally complemented with a business degree;
Experience with financial and business systems to monitor business activities;
Proven experience preparing and reviewing reports;
Proven ability to work in a commercial culture of continuous improvement, process optimization and intellectual curiosity;
Excellent command of the English language in speech and writing;
Fundamental understanding of fats and oil (wastes) and biodiesel manufacturing processes;
Strong commercial understanding of end to end economics in biodiesel process;
In depth knowledge of waste management sector;
Knowledge of sustainability criteria for biodiesel raw materials;
Strong project management and leadership skills;
Ability to negotiate and sustain networking relationships;
Able to analyse and interpret data.
What do we Offer?
Good primary and secondary employment conditions and an attractive pension scheme;
A bonus scheme based on stated business results;
A Happy Workplace with 350 involved colleagues and lots of room for personal development;
Follow us on LinkedIn: Argent Energy
What's next?
Interested? Send us your resume and motivation letter in English today!
To respect the GDPR regulations, we cannot process your personal data without permission. That is why we strongly recommend that you apply directly through our work-at site. Applications by e-mail will not be taken into consideration in this context.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.
Any questions?
Then contact Richard Witte (HR Manager). Richard can be reached by phone at 020-2192930.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e74ce4fe3e006945&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1Pd-uJ97JcP9CFCnKdLq5woHOHmJtRYhS3xNtXMonh57yKLKaJ0Gr-a66Kh8sAgZkHaH9crJowcn39blYf7Sir0bI8L8gYaVKcNKsxFcoeMl1z0s9LZmU0AwbwNJgYuJN9ryvAVMaFBc4LnTOG9gMmZWlTJX1Fa63750eDWrwgvPpRJwCgjGCQYifrSpisR_vCVT3_gHNi5BFosALwc5JIB&spon=1&adid=315446063&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXI1LlAa0Giuiv9EmHNEe7EbaHVZYJM1nKrnSM8FBLL61ybkn3n7xBuD_wNy6z8Ih5y3E7HcQ5_3--YwhPoDSS4X77WeoVmsiaT-K-dCLYi7leQeXea5LtoK6Nqg4IT4yLlqBn3wYc4A1JfljRhdYbgdz1KB0Q0puibP0c7WOyCJYEqlc0Hj0s9XG5tmT8bo8-MBXxWb48XgLHzE-kmUV7ZNuSHTBsYDtNtBf1gSt0ghC8n4k05Nfi9Yutbs1ypWlFSHMQARDb6QuLOere9ZMf7JOXFDVn2A1J2O_2MrvtAN7hS61iSHdtdY7Bxk2vDYr_zAPoXDMODRSwJ80i5qT3hUDRbZs6W24TeA1rPv_8L7kH3pMXofoatpqrahH0ig0kdHUrGQSCfUyQUkv9Yll-VudOs0bfpaPsOXk_Nwem2EewBKu2-TlLOlUN0Qp3DS5nMYabr6j26PQ3I-ZkvKc4XE-BuG1SPKUQOYFeIAKSFrHpCIrCTa1dRqGc_aII933RCMoXN98cH8OX2Vr80i8c1hEES36j0_WTpBvw8O2ND4HxjmZuEFuT5WYpZSPcEjNTtY7MZcmUagH7iRw6Kl6QNliHOfAF2WmOWkCwpBqM3mHFKi16IxjQd_JByO_OZxAtjmsRQ-dnd3aNfCeqs8XBZlB2yyuPjYATGAYaNjoav3UgGuD4P9VzjhTmbwFFyyzLNRraGirhbRY96TVxjryLB-aPE2qKnqD5qkdOrMI5iTRAhbMMd7QFLCgv_VQo29omtDjuPAhiDYn&astse=b78420caf3eeb2ac&assa=8628,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
259,waste management,Indeed,pj_25425f2ed61b9010,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
260,waste management,Indeed,pj_d0e794146be77b24,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AJwFUfwdOPO-9Exu2sy6vQNlzDaYL4cs7Txgec5ywUeLnqqUeBrKVYqZepSKRKAf2vp3KmzPkGnDH3wLB-uf6_XRCkSvwxhAdQB65yXuzh045kxD3f7IvLwAUlcinBUtk2Cpryhk0E8RJaAXo1Yz1Lf-GHO93QPOWyPNsJxzfBh_8Lmrw8W2POFylFO2z-HRQIaJi3MLgsBI3ExInPdo0MkjYWrpgRcTcOqcInrcgmJrwDAElnivcmiNMPoiL7ewXfH47m8FSEfBmtiZON_LCORpoIXCksJzE7z0Uuup-BWmNUuhrjsg6OHPpscLqHqrn1xJ7Is7HI-nUJ221FgPvqujtIs1q20UoHKvlp5j4cmNjGZ0ECwCO1Ni5dBpKNeeX-q0coOfFyabwgK2V1-vGHrQIVuj2-YhDjuhQpdws7Qz5PjBI_h2qOxnaqAYftz5j8RKZuolNFINib4lCdh37ZfqjuuM_U5ifGhixvFlXMbg==&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
261,waste management,Indeed,pj_83b10267d175f043,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSeWDAnHlCTnIem6CvgirzbpPNFkAzjIdo9iQqa5Ei-sSLy-l-jN-emBN4KuWorGgxx6S4neOXXjTMG9IKTNsCvysDAts6oxpMhbTmm7r-JF7J9DABLsdO0kyfq7pUAHBGq9KmCsmDbBT8EZbrBXOEzZvCBa74c_7HUX-eCN9uGnlnZA_-ngncAkJLJUlByDgZ1AQfPCpbem95Dv6emAmf0yiViUIq0WU0yN4kK6GZPzll5VSSQtYdqxVobWEyawM0bUProreJelTOmrgrp3sO7NbpqtOIl7MlwDWrhe8T26wyTUtKm8TKhIXixuI-pO5dBEFWob8KbQ-gT5M1Ur7rntOr4bwWp2H8R7b9wfGz1VRuiRDGxIh6zCl31wg2VAn-dW6Bw5PSzertA_vQ4btfr7uyID0nl2l4Ia19VQXRevU8uS5xvr1YdW5Ka3fBN6Njesik0RU7oP9GhMBfMevHWo6Jf5HYtlZR2QDb4mdwXGtKOYv0_hfx1hgzn8iHqAbwmXrA3Nvxg7ngxxdptVy6vfHLL5lvLZ6fp4Hwotrvm8dgvJS4lJXlrnWtNyVE5YsMPj5e8z24826j5YYeNTbDY&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
262,waste management,Indeed,pj_8d3bbac8cfb1b834,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RT3eIAFGKXOv-VU8qHDzqjjL7QVVkPiArBciKredGUs0e6Bz4rYtY1DrP70AifCQvEseJMSNgSYexi9VBqtEQtEcjCyfWuUxo2ND1Rr2RQ5nMPLsn6fFWOkncfCMsDx23OlqzGO_8Gm1yBJqmGThXR8UXumsfwhuSGJO9An8I5Ql42NSWhgvlkt4hYcORXecWKL0Mdz7qEcrrxvjuGxTBEXVKi2MzRN13cKJCAqn7YH-5oejrHtZacY-q3bjnB20ea37YbZARpC4cyhqD4ImpKfTqwPfqJ1wKO5T7_jLiOycOVemVJP76-w-fNGNHwnvXS2s5koeBqR7883Xn0vDbqfObmiUas3K-dXGTgR4LQNgsRNuumyJodNJqmdVXRTsWX4KdibTHNkzPRzPm175avllRVCFSEtQwU56KU8OCENqWs5OkyY7Ln85BYv7dnbDYsEohpxkXQf_yWktQPiDXgLNAuJMgn-TMADfF2yEglhOBJ3vxZKsbubwd9AsAWORir5YuVHTF3xXv5ZJCVSIfwOPgrejyAN5VNhAhACzgKXEJWwIdRMre7Cp-T8qNdAx1WrpibtJR8QBgd6pktWBoux61-gfNbeXyo=&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
263,waste management,Indeed,pj_a5eb9777ff7015bd,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RR8OI4x0RZ_glRQPBQbMyRA4yJK8nIC0J8yZOOqZrelB4PSgwgNEinaGoRPj0NAWd4Wz3zkUR2Lau_0q3scHcixytEGe-XcgMPAJ-b04bNy8sSS6Uw-N307qeW15bpFBajObfRTJqIvSVOihVortU6z6T6TQh8Yj6MNLxq1xkv6G5PLY46Q3dsCF-0ygoVD_uEG9YJDq1ooGsIlne8dHYwlEQhVE7uikq6vemv75IG1FUrd-rWayxw_Y5vxoFtaGO2ml2mclK2GiZqfPgbOtfuzyM66yp--HQQAkUdvknoYPFzBN819iYiqILIVy90MFn5tc34R3JuClC8OXjH0SegKlt3RSeRfCBRe64X3SZLr2pdnExz-q17B98nxRLNdtJHT-XqECVNR0eRq6PfbKYVHwriHuScOPhpTbLgRKMVi4p4SXa_w9FxpO3m_5PBbHHtAs01zdgsHN82C2950Pq_CH5GukFKFt4tBUzwqXJkcuuLjvDW9KWlAuNbEigTVyHuDAQGT17xeAngvlQUkWPtL_LXd56huMXw_9NKBNrSx3hz1Mtj5HXvksRnrfGMfy37stfAsL4NeNeUYS8I7skEqI04kXWG7_slROjJ-307k1w==&p=5&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
264,waste management,Indeed,pj_7990319d7de880da,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSjIifVQessc6HUX_jw_4qyEuAxCh5nvYyy5aL9LV0elPWltgHCZCCTE2BrOWhKoLWN3LAnklau4Qvl4G0zFe6uYJ0-10lnoRdn6uL9iyh7e_Dy3SrKSwxH1JcM4tyjGFi0E_Eb5dHgjgFeOoqmMhuQtAJKyccsve1m6vjfZ4Mq8XfYPorHr4cD5ZUxmkC0SIKa3ZNi1no-INu0rcaMSJvFrrutN5phDC4fn3xjFGlHntZWfS_qvUllR6ETINTmsZN3_7Kfo9HHBM3A87Uy7izpa-mvk1ZQk9G07S4cwcIkmeTgCDaZzAvNu2HRyL3ATEiz83E0JiTxTYokNwXn41YxYDBoRDMDPd6xqs58RZDttdc0-dFbfmSyUqad8TOHIE8cy-1ZfNCX9GmN0tlmcFnOfKmIPTr4xGL8MMDWHydcxrAbKr_finWtxqv7fq2IMAeY_KUIwpxdeC-9yrHZEFfPxOzgBknO_gVDBuUuS75bozFdH-eiCfgFpyPigK46TwD0nioWFVh8-bFOguL2dP-KyUGnjZMic1nr3jF-OpkNkIsaMDoNc0QPr0-YHyol3PCX7TnCkRTHcvOZXPfbvnRE&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
265,waste management,Indeed,p_c7328a235b4af833,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c7328a235b4af833&fccid=13063f00f1d9030a&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
266,waste management,Indeed,p_d5987ff90a2f70f9,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d5987ff90a2f70f9&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
267,waste management,Indeed,pj_71d2eda2f9e66ff5,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cmb4fKr--abzpIWiIV9U4QN2QqF55OuUJFAPz5k8HBDnnmo9AcPrV8SoXV0RtqvoNjCubiFuxn9Nt5Y8TRB9jOG-rg0_GFG5YJomPccFuiiVpegM51xn9uje82RijpgWCXZ1cG9dD6Vfjrb0BgGG-Rlg1ifd_3ja1-3GAudE5EQxeuu4Rx9Fvgc0aEQRFATRODQTcfNaTCF6zZBtmDjJn9mGVo4Afk0gBNnJWL6TdkddojlERpHF9bKeNz2IYNuvK5lmlNl5puoIPJmNSrZ5fZzT5GBzUaH1x0sttHKL3dPmQyR_4YhnK0QWyQeem7ssGzWdplBYJNL-nRGcnJlO26_TUO8Rejd4tnOTX4tYsjV6xB-xC3qjAH90Ru1jWK8lcGtvhQASXKuTdQQMCyI50xDcv1lw0-bYlGHY0hFqp2QyKh3OAesBa_BBuue17xCGCHrCW7DHdcKmpQluyD_A4FES3z2zyzKCtzYE3-WP-3_RKDgloS9vE0U6b6un0qXLqdmgZzxNrldvZ4U-4AcuwIDmiq8kLgL6pz0Uy9Jz2UIhrRV3bXPSCbpPJ7ycAhArtdHChU2eF4T7cox9aOz8-t3Mu2gag3_kX-64cx-NuseujXc9q6wopT0961uVf_Nx5dB3xBdwH1LS2k6QH7Zh445oFhc7jn0bw8wLtkec8dy3E5yDiKSUjdy1MyP0X-L9vCPmSLGyWMab99rNF0cag5sl2zQdL3BwW7ngAZTzLfL5XNah1ugOQI0DgeH0hNMGzgUcFiV_nf_8z8-Sw5JfnE&p=9&fvj=0&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
268,waste management,Indeed,p_7f2b98517bdbf4d3,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7f2b98517bdbf4d3&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
269,waste management,Indeed,p_a0915cda71791f66,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a0915cda71791f66&fccid=f229b354f5d64873&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
270,waste management,Indeed,p_b0587f294da665d3,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b0587f294da665d3&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
271,waste management,Indeed,p_5e8bbd72c9821e08,NOS Planner,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You will support the team with these daily tasks:
Provide weekly summary of key performance indicators relating to sales, stock, profit, and markdown versus budget and last year, create strategies with the buying team based on the KPIS
Maintain Weekly Stock Sales and Intake forecasts (WSSI) with Merchandiser
Manage intake flow into business to hit monthly forecasts, drive sales and minimise risks and communicate to DC for short term work flow planning and longer term budgeting
Work with the Allocators to control inventory levels, allocations and replenishment to branches as required
Close cooperation with the suppliers in terms of ordering, following up deliveries and negotiating shifts in deliveries if needed
Conduct detailed ad-hoc analysis when required on specific products/product group & Review past seasons performance/forecast
Reforecast sales and profit parameters for NOS & REPEAT collection
Manage stock levels and forecast to support sales for NOS & REPEAT collection
Building a strong relationship with the whole Hunkemoller team; key relationships across Merchandising, Buying, Channel teams (wholesale, franchise, Ecommerce), Logistics, Marketing &, Retail teams
Support training and development activities, ensuring all performance assessments are completed to enable individuals to achieve business and personal development goals
This is how our ideal candidate looks like:
Comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment & ability to work under pressure
Passion for the brand with a strong understanding of the demands of our customer
Enjoy working collaboratively, as part of a team and building strong working relationships
Good organisational skills and ability to work to deadlines
Good presentation, analytical & numerical skills (MS Office skills required)
Knowledge of reporting tools is desirable
Previous experience working as a Merchandise Admin Assistant / Assistant Merchandiser in Fashion /Retail
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

Hunkemöller’s looking for a passionate NOS Planner for our Merchandise Team. You will support the Merchandiser/ SR. Merchandiser to maximise commercial opportunities through the effective management of inventory, driving sales through improved availability and forecasting and reducing mark down and maximizing profit on the NOS & Repeat collection.
Join our journey of being a much loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=25425f2ed61b9010&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmWRUCnRE5uMHY5wgNP4_wqSOSLmE9-k5-rsLZ0sGsaqgYC8NuS7PAmnTLKlBkOZG8NBhn4q1sImPJ9vPxoRiLM-RKmN8mhNVEisQ9ymQr7N4&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RSdnLsFCEybGZ6B1up8tkxIlYyaOv8AQS4VnaZof9tktD4VIzFEd5iz8g6Wq7sxs0rq-iysx1BbQv_vd6f2GvZj5Rdm2qg_DcbK-ynmEl5dk7ps-htiZRGLCNm56SJ9njfDnQCrOlxgLyIeS14lmhZKarq0ANNIbDjs2MDwX7cmpuC5OVf9uSkWToH7Bb1RkyJb2l9uY1iUWWr4bkugyAy04PLqEDiMu5YOJHuG0cqVY8JgBjLvnwQ-8P5gIjJpqeS5MSvHJd4nvA9SJPhXxZn10rX5-Ql1PUWtlZRZ1keEMjEMjbL0lysLWeMFihqvthI1MZBySZb1UPl0IUjRUIIErkORWua4sVzRgRHQ_esfptp3_V8mouHLTefFF5owZn3idxcXwfZRewdwAw45tURuRBZ-zwSU-GVyJ0qf5GSiX5kKJeZMAQIc59VfprkpZ4Twx-kopHuItX2jF7TEa5aqqy0JVOEt1WfDF28IYqo9hkh8MEE4CuUFtw9xXOaZ9aYbIaxj0sdbF70P5gDlQoH7v55EZXu1qsxIn61bmT7iXWkODHh6Q7X5fC0xg7baHX1eEyL9d7_oaQ==&astse=ac945879aa9fa256&assa=1555,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5e8bbd72c9821e08&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
272,waste management,Indeed,p_7f2b98517bdbf4d3,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7f2b98517bdbf4d3&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
273,waste management,Indeed,p_c5cc77e4db6b835d,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c5cc77e4db6b835d&fccid=3ae4d86cb4dda397&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
274,waste management,Indeed,p_042be3143bf1e4d8,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=042be3143bf1e4d8&fccid=794914f41c28afb7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
275,waste management,Indeed,p_ef2d972f9fd83f8d,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
276,waste management,Indeed,p_da20fd2f95b36895,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=da20fd2f95b36895&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
277,waste management,Indeed,p_cba1edfa3c1c47ee,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cba1edfa3c1c47ee&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
278,waste management,Indeed,p_dadd406ba0cd38c4,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dadd406ba0cd38c4&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
279,waste management,Indeed,p_9b32c51b7d4f381a,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9b32c51b7d4f381a&fccid=9ca7c1c1cfaa481c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
280,waste management,Indeed,p_929cbbdcc79dbead,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=929cbbdcc79dbead&fccid=14befa0aae3644d3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
281,waste management,Indeed,p_f3139e4b1b29c980,Internship Marketing - Studio Traffic Management,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Assist traffic manager with planning the campaign calendar
Assist with managing project timelines from start to finish
Support with maintaining and logging the status of all future and live projects
Maintaining and keeping an overview of the status of all future and live projects
Making sure the briefings are complete and clear for the designers for specific marketing tools like advertising for magazines, social banners, in store POS materials, vouchers, billboards, posters etc
Monitoring the planning and ensure timelines are being followed and manage expectations around delays
Working together with a great team of in-house creative art directors, graphic designers, dtp-ers, project managers and freelancers
Contact person for different departments within Hunkemöller HQ, countries Head Offices and external suppliers
Your Profile:
You are passionate about Communications and Fashion
You like to structure and plan things
Project management skills with the ability to manage and prioritize
Critical eye for creative work and great sense for graphic and design
Positive attitude, good team player, reliable, focused on deliverables
In your related Bachelor/HBO level studies, preferable with the focus on Communication you already finished your first semester
Fluent in English
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English) and include a link in it to your social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.). In case you want to share some (growth) success stories of social media channels in a portfolio or your CV, most welcome.
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of September 2021 our Marketing Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Studio Traffic Management intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3366819fe452c9f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b3eaebb3b161b4a4&assa=182,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3139e4b1b29c980&fccid=7dc39f756fa199d7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
282,waste management,Indeed,p_b0587f294da665d3,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b0587f294da665d3&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,energy supply,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,D,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.5172413793103449,0.4482758620689655,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
283,waste management,Indeed,p_f640cae3e9324cce,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f640cae3e9324cce&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
284,waste management,Indeed,p_eb8825e911f53b5d,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=eb8825e911f53b5d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
285,waste management,Indeed,p_929cbbdcc79dbead,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=929cbbdcc79dbead&fccid=14befa0aae3644d3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
286,waste management,Indeed,p_b14290fb495b2162,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b14290fb495b2162&fccid=cf844ffe44263c08&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
287,waste management,Indeed,p_ed49ca8e3c9ccb39,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ed49ca8e3c9ccb39&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
288,waste management,Indeed,p_21b6612857f3fdbc,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=21b6612857f3fdbc&fccid=8568b3938fc8c53f&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
289,waste management,Indeed,p_cec736200ec396e2,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cec736200ec396e2&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
290,waste management,Indeed,p_b63ee2b6ea6a28ae,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b63ee2b6ea6a28ae&fccid=300b450f90032ccb&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
291,waste management,Indeed,p_a54a671fa2faba69,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a54a671fa2faba69&fccid=95ddd56e5cdf4803&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
292,waste management,Indeed,p_e7f5802a79f88506,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7f5802a79f88506&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
293,waste management,Indeed,p_f3139e4b1b29c980,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3139e4b1b29c980&fccid=7dc39f756fa199d7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
294,waste management,Indeed,p_24c0bceef3d761a7,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Airspace-BV/jobs/Accounting-Manager-Nl-24c0bceef3d761a7?fccid=b74845e09d380f46&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
295,waste management,Indeed,p_71d7355f761c4c74,Business and Strategy Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"About eBay Classifieds GroupThe eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative global leader in online classifieds. Our sites help people find whatever they are looking for in their local communities. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. We have eleven brands that span the globe offering online classifieds in more than, 1000 cities around the world.eCG is always looking for high-energy, self-motivated, committed individuals who are passionate about their work. Our team members enjoy a challenging environment that places the highest value on innovation, accountability and playing to win. Our culture is based on open and honest communication, respect for other points of view and a spirit of fun!DescriptionThe Benelux business insights team is responsible for business analytics for the Dutch and Belgian businesses of eBay Classifieds. As a Business and Strategy Analyst, you engage with senior leadership and work across teams with financial analysts, business and product developers, product managers and marketeers to drive strategy and business planning. Based on data analysis, you deliver insights to your stakeholders.You are an enthusiastic top performer who is able to crunch the numbers and critically think through strategic issues, advanced modeling parts and take product solutions to the next phase. You have strong interpersonal skills and can communicate effectively to delivering complex finding with the management team, as well as discuss possible product improvements with developers or marketing strategies with marketeers.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze data to get insights on trends, anomalies and opportunities and drive business decisionsGather market insights and translate them into impactful initiatives for our business teamsSet-up, automate, maintain, and own dashboards and reporting structure for operational metrics and revenue streams of your focus areaUse advanced modeling to gain understanding of the drivers of customer behaviorClosely work together with the business teams and finance teams to define the key operational and financial metricsConstruct and deliver clear, concise presentations of findings, key product and user performance metrics and management recommendations both in oral and written formPreferred QualificationsAcademic degree, preferably in a quantitative field like mathematics, econometrics, statistics etc.Very strong analytical, reporting and visualization skillsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills are a requirement. Experience with R, Python or similar is a plusProven experience in working with large, multisource data sets and usage of analytics to drive business and product decisions and strategyExcellent communication and interpersonal skills; proven ability to successfully work and partner across multiple functions in an organizationThe skill to explain complicated analyses in a simple way to colleagues and managementExperience with e-commerce and payments is a plusAbility to work in an agile and flexible environment where change is part of the day-to-day environmentThe attitude to go that extra mile when needed and celebrate success after achievementsWhat we offer:Dynamic teams with very skilled personalities, a passion for e-commerce, professionalism, and a good sense of humor.The chance to work closely with other teams across eCG; in BNL, Europe and globally.A laptop, a phone policy, and very nice office facilities.A competitive salary, great benefits, and an excellent working environment.eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b0587f294da665d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=20c0662a455f6538&assa=6931,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Airspace-BV/jobs/Account-Manager-71d7355f761c4c74?fccid=b74845e09d380f46&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
296,waste management,Indeed,p_4626c3330bfa857d,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
297,waste management,Indeed,p_fbb38653d4c48e8e,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fbb38653d4c48e8e&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
298,waste management,Indeed,p_929cbbdcc79dbead,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=929cbbdcc79dbead&fccid=14befa0aae3644d3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
299,waste management,Indeed,p_b63ee2b6ea6a28ae,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b63ee2b6ea6a28ae&fccid=300b450f90032ccb&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
300,waste management,Indeed,p_e7f5802a79f88506,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7f5802a79f88506&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
301,waste management,Indeed,p_c7378ef94ab622f3,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c7378ef94ab622f3&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
302,waste management,Indeed,p_c0fd976b4d9e86ef,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c0fd976b4d9e86ef&fccid=05c63a3f9a3ff531&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
303,waste management,Indeed,p_e0ed298bf860ce25,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e0ed298bf860ce25&fccid=e52a8045d312f049&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
304,waste management,Indeed,p_5034fa9c725bd34f,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5034fa9c725bd34f&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
305,waste management,Indeed,p_f3139e4b1b29c980,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3139e4b1b29c980&fccid=7dc39f756fa199d7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
306,waste management,Indeed,p_82baf88a15c7dc01,Internship Omni Channel Development,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Picking up morning procedures, so we are ready for a new trading day
Preparing and coordinating technical release planning
Bug fixing and testing
Identifying, gathering input and translate bugs into a workable solution
Preparing and maintaining process documentation
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Currently enrolled in a business or IT or Business Economics related studies
Tech savvy
Your passionate about ecommerce & retail
Fluent English speaking and writing skills
Be able to prioritize and great time management skills
Communication and organization skills
You enjoy the interaction with colleagues, development and commercial teams, problem solving, and looking for ways to make our processes better.
Available for a minimum of 4 days per week
Advantage: experience with ticket systems such as Jira and Confluenze ; and websites such as Salesforce commerce Cloud
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process! 
As of September 2021 our Omni Channel & E-Commerce Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Omni Channel Development intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4626c3330bfa857d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbafb566acfc9f9a&assa=8808,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=82baf88a15c7dc01&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-26,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
307,waste management,Indeed,p_d802abcec4d0bd69,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d802abcec4d0bd69&fccid=8dc4399ddb463d4a&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
308,waste management,Indeed,p_225605f161a15b99,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=225605f161a15b99&fccid=0d08f0bed2d01b01&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
309,waste management,Indeed,p_929cbbdcc79dbead,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=929cbbdcc79dbead&fccid=14befa0aae3644d3&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
310,waste management,Indeed,p_a54b9f854808e371,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a54b9f854808e371&fccid=7da80e6d4430aa40&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
311,waste management,Indeed,p_f2cedcaf23200deb,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Project-Coordinator-Intern-f2cedcaf23200deb?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
312,waste management,Indeed,p_0c8039206551cc72,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0c8039206551cc72&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
313,waste management,Indeed,p_f3b477f05c64c354,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3b477f05c64c354&fccid=a193a8ef3ad0b548&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
314,waste management,Indeed,p_1d160b89449aafc3,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1d160b89449aafc3&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
315,waste management,Indeed,p_e7f5802a79f88506,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7f5802a79f88506&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
316,waste management,Indeed,p_cec736200ec396e2,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cec736200ec396e2&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
317,waste management,Indeed,p_ed49ca8e3c9ccb39,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ed49ca8e3c9ccb39&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
318,waste management,Indeed,p_f3139e4b1b29c980,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3139e4b1b29c980&fccid=7dc39f756fa199d7&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
319,waste management,Indeed,p_a91a4cde57f7a22e,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=08cbc788a6cdcbd9&assa=1284,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a91a4cde57f7a22e&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
320,waste management,Indeed,p_d6aa2533f45dc727,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&fccid=7339769bb48cf7b7&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
321,waste management,Indeed,p_5b206d45bf9ba95c,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5b206d45bf9ba95c&fccid=6c0dceef19a13f9d&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
322,waste management,Indeed,p_cec736200ec396e2,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cec736200ec396e2&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
323,waste management,Indeed,p_ed49ca8e3c9ccb39,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ed49ca8e3c9ccb39&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
324,waste management,Indeed,p_a200220822e0077e,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a200220822e0077e&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
325,waste management,Indeed,p_e744fec10f8c4587,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e744fec10f8c4587&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
326,waste management,Indeed,p_144ea0569886659b,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=144ea0569886659b&fccid=f228cb45b8753637&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
327,waste management,Indeed,p_c7378ef94ab622f3,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c7378ef94ab622f3&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
328,waste management,Indeed,p_528c1aba9f3fe40b,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=528c1aba9f3fe40b&fccid=7339769bb48cf7b7&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
329,waste management,Indeed,p_f12cffe81b4993b6,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f12cffe81b4993b6&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
330,waste management,Indeed,p_66a7dd6330571df9,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=66a7dd6330571df9&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
331,waste management,Indeed,p_d802abcec4d0bd69,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d802abcec4d0bd69&fccid=8dc4399ddb463d4a&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
332,waste management,Indeed,p_e12f88d8164203c7,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e12f88d8164203c7&fccid=386d7ba33a30c69b&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
333,waste management,Indeed,p_864a0b55daffa028,Creative Marketing Internship - Sustainable Fashion Startup,thegreenlabelscom, Amsterdam,"The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world andthegreenlabels.comis tackling that issue! We are a 3-year-old platform that curates sustainable labels based on 4 values: Vegan, waste reduction, clean process, and Local. And we are growing fast! We are young and passionate about changing the fashion industry by offering a cool yet sustainable wide choice of fashion. Join us in our office situated in the heart of Amsterdam for a unique internship where you’ll learn all the in’s & out’s of startup management & growth! We are looking for a passionate intern to join our team for a 6-month minimum internship.
We are a small team so that gives you the opportunity to learn on many different topics and areas. Your role is focused on bringing the social, online & offline touchpoints to the next level through impeccable execution of our brand identity visually & copywriting. You are working hand and hand with the rest of the marketing team, to develop & execute a visual & written content strategy from the website, Instagram, blog posts to social media posts. You are comfortable using design tools such as Photoshop & Illustrator to translate the identity and execute your plans on all platforms such as Instagram, Website, Facebook and Newsletters. You love to create content and get people excited about shopping more consciously. You are a creative mind with always plenty of ideas to propose when it comes to content creation!
WHAT WE OFFER


Position: Creative marketing internship
Company: thegreenlabels.com
Location: Office in the center of Amsterdam.
Start date: we are looking for someone to join us from the 5th July 2021 (flexible at 1 week)
Reporting to: Marketing manager
Employment type: 5 days a week for 7 months minimum, 40 hours/week

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


The website is one of our key touchpoints with our audience and we are constantly redesigning elements of it you keep in sleek & clean. You design new banners, website pages or new visually appealing blogs for our audience to connect with our brand.
We count on you to bring the visual identity of TGL to the top. From visual content & artwork to the newsletter you're implementing it all with big attention to details. Small things count big time.
You always have photoshop opened in the background to edit images & videos for the website or social media.
Instagram is your kingdom, Facebook is your garden, Pinterest too! Don’t be shy about checking the insights section on Instagram & Facebook. Why did a post perform better than another?
You love creating stories on Instagram to engage, educate & inspire our audience! You work hand in hand with the rest of the marketing team that defines the planning for the months & weeks You work with tools like Unfold & In-stories to create stories daily.
Content nowadays is produced daily, from short snackable videos for Reels on Instagram to longer IGTV's, you come with ideas & execute them with the help of the team, you are handy and love editing the raw content afterward too for it to be ready to post!
You are good at copywriting and you can deliver a coherent brand tone of voice & experience to our readers on different channels such as our social media, newsletter, website etc
Do you like to get your hands dirty? Nice! We have plenty of occasions to do so. During photoshoots, for example, give your utmost 200% as we need you to have your eyes and hands-on everything, help models to get into the right outfit, guide photographer on the kind of content we need, check which outfits we haven't shoot yet.
Do you have a brilliant idea on how to grow the business? discuss it with Claudia & the team.

QUALIFICATIONS


Strong English writing skills
Creative skills such as Photoshop or Illustrator and video editing
Self-motivated and detail-oriented
Personal interest in fashion and sustainability
Interest in learning various aspects of how a small company works.
Comfortable using social media such as Instagram, Facebook & Pinterest.

EDUCATION
Currently enrolled in a University for a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Creative studies, marketing or branding.
LANGUAGES
Excellent English written and verbal communication, Dutch is not needed for this role.
YOUR APPLICATION & PROCESS
Please submit your application, consisting of a short motivation letter and your CV, via e-mail with the position you are applying for in the subject title to the button below.
If your application is selected you will receive some assignments, if those are satisfactory you will have a short chat with the founder to assess further collaboration.
The ideal candidate is already located in The Netherlands, this internship is compensated with a 250€ allowance and a shopping budget on the website.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d6aa2533f45dc727&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a33bfd35369c1da4&assa=1435,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=864a0b55daffa028&fccid=6c0dceef19a13f9d&vjs=3,18 dagen geleden,18 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
334,waste management,Indeed,p_f8364fa72d2370b5,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
335,waste management,Indeed,p_144ea0569886659b,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=144ea0569886659b&fccid=f228cb45b8753637&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
336,waste management,Indeed,p_a200220822e0077e,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a200220822e0077e&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
337,waste management,Indeed,p_864a0b55daffa028,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=864a0b55daffa028&fccid=6c0dceef19a13f9d&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
338,waste management,Indeed,p_7189d237d9f91acc,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7189d237d9f91acc&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
339,waste management,Indeed,p_53e203f54fefa9e4,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=53e203f54fefa9e4&fccid=5b16841c3468a10d&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
340,waste management,Indeed,p_e12f88d8164203c7,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e12f88d8164203c7&fccid=386d7ba33a30c69b&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
341,waste management,Indeed,p_550d0afcba82604f,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=550d0afcba82604f&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
342,waste management,Indeed,p_6dc726220d1e35a1,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6dc726220d1e35a1&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
343,waste management,Indeed,p_947eb4ec5926a509,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=947eb4ec5926a509&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
344,waste management,Indeed,pj_05f66043e418ab56,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0As-EDKkFVm4OHeTfBUWOm9GMTU3HLwk8ZivRQl8lqt-Tu2RXfbxvBCtahaeajhVVIsPSZa_1RAOZNNFCVFhlPW-Zm1cIw3hBjWTqczT40lWS1z7PZTVqi9Hh0ICm1_Eh78SWvYMHzqtTXjfWfbhh_dabuxAY_34S_yEUdeG_4RugF712Fo4n8X_eSsK-mI91ayQTvWTbbKrp13htotENIwQDppI-1IHPDoMoWPU7CHhsIoJsn3_ENwMbktUDD5U4LaNNvK4CVxmZP7i0DfH-VfllVsxA0DrgSguRlWwPvKWmpQgyB3SnKZE8JztM97CYPfOxOy1AO1JNwnG-2RjiQazq9oUBDTZAXr_lUXq2ZO6TELHEDkYF1N4c-EHhW5B7RW7GpHIwBta3iGH8PP9OpkPAXM9nem0ZCoKx8xxWTkEM-z9tNw6JHm--CXqxzuQWSclp4GotmdoWcl4Tp1KNEwlCAXMgfcWdOGDL5p5XkY4ogoD9Uchz0YYJtW0v8lceifNrCfRiTYD4y36aLGazgo2jNPItfDiNEWXJwSYHQ1IkdA2JvMGntJjacYHAZHxok6wJo2ZyFggLHtXirmyUrYSfnZ0IKkTKYL8WpnWr6GlJEXv0bNaGE0fS_19mrKz0T9GTCdlC6o1pRcV80H3NhqSUPoiXwd5GQzhY41LnVC-4cWhSHpg8Lw-sM3OQ_AaoJonIFuFnlos1KfWk1lEQaa-IuLsr5hzZfcuuXh_sKFcA==&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
345,waste management,Indeed,p_39cafb1938e5cf18,Data Analyst,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"eBay Classifieds Group (eCG) is an innovative leader in online classifieds with ten brands that span the globe. Our sites help people find whatever they’re looking for in their local communities – whether it’s a job, an apartment, a sofa, a car, a concert ticket, financial services or new friends. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by creating a world where people share more and waste less. People who want to connect and trade visit our sites because they’re fun, easy to use and built on trust. Classifieds is shaping the future of local commerce by bringing people together through an enriched online experience that allows them to reach out to the community around them. We are comprised of more than 1,000 people who are passionate for local trade and maintaining the customer-centric nature of the Group, while exploring growth opportunities in both the countries where eCG already has a presence and in prospective markets. About the team:We believe that solving customer problems and delivering value to our business can be done at scale. As the Global Capabilities Team (CAPS) we offer our local brands a portfolio of capabilities along the end customer journey that speeds up time to market across the eBay Classifieds Group. Our global teams develop and innovate a broad variety of central solutions and services. Part of CAPS is the First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS). Together we closely partner with our local peers on efficient integrations of our capabilities that create valuable experiences for our end customers and the business. We are a diverse and highly motivated team. Data is the voice of our customers and helps us to define the common goals we work towards as one team.
The role:The First Party Advertising technology team (iCAS) is looking for a Data Analyst to strengthen the team. We are building an internally used advertising engine combined with seller tools, to deliver shopping listings to the multiple platforms we have within the eBay Classifieds Group. Some of our complexities is the high traffic and volume demand, high uptime, handling click-fraud and optimising the listings being shown.We are looking for a self-starter analyst to collaborate closely with the team to enable a data-driven approach, creating actionable insights that drive product and business decisions. You will be working directly with product teams (developers, designers, product managers) on a day-to-day basis, creating a better understanding of what our customers are doing and need. We are looking for someone who is excited about being involved from beginning to end - from the initial product hypothesis, analysis of opportunity space, solution design and optimisation of chosen solution for it to have the desired impact.ResponsibilitiesWork directly with product, engineering and user experience team members to unpack complex product challenges that keep our users from succeeding on our platforms.Define key metrics and drive new logging requirements.Evaluate new product developments from the users perspective and identify ways to track and improve its contribution towards platform goals.Proactively find new opportunities with our stakeholders and initiate product developments driven by quantitative and qualitative insights.Translate metrics into dashboards: setup, management and maintenance of dashboards and reports in the focus area.What we are looking for:Education:Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field.5 year track record (or equivalent) in using data to facilitate business decisions; including professional experience in a global organization.Advanced proficiency in at least one data querying language (SQL, Hive, etc).Strong Proficiency in at least one business reporting/dashboarding tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc).Strong Proficiency in multivariate testing and experimentation process for product purposes.Advanced proficiency in MS Excel and more generally building and delivering effective presentations.Efficient when working with a multitude of disparate data sources and tools; working out of a data warehouse or from smaller imperfect datasets.Experience with web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)Knowledge:Product focus; with hands-on-experience experience in launching, iterating and improving digital products.Customer knowledge; with experience in human-centred design, customer interviews and workshop facilitation etc.e-Commerce business management; ideally with prior experience in digital marketplaces and advertisingModern software delivery methods, as part of cross-functional teamsSoft skills:Project management, taking initiatives from idea to execution.Superb communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills in English.People-oriented; eager to build positive and productive relationships with a variety of international partners and draw upon their skills when needed.Preferred QualificationsExperience applying statistical models to drive business decision-makingHands on experience with one scripting language (R, Python, Java, etc)Familiar with the tech industry and e-commerce platformsWhat we offer:Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.International career opportunities throughout eCG.Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel eBay Classifieds Group is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.comCovid-19People are the heart of eBay Classifieds Group and their health and well-being are our first priority.We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video callseBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8364fa72d2370b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2528aa74a9ab0a52&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=39cafb1938e5cf18&fccid=3b573199c881e16d&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
346,waste management,Indeed,p_b405751a829c4015,"Sr. Manager, Workplaces - Benelux",Palo Alto Networks, Amsterdam,"Company Description
Our Mission
At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission:
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.
We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.

Job Description
Your Career
We are seeking a colleague who is shaping with us the future of our workplace! Think beyond the office. Redevelop how we make sure to support our colleagues to the best and create a great experience. If you enjoy working independently but collaboratively in a collegial team environment within a fast-paced and dynamic company, this is the right place for you.
Your role is to lead and drive the facilities operations programs and processes; maintaining our lab infrastructure and the office build-outs at our Benelux offices also leading and driving other Places related projects. All ensuring timely delivery of clearly defined scope within budget. This with the goal to support the business to the best
Your Impact
Innovating and improving processes and scopes. Driving efficiencies and effectiveness
Coaching and development of the Facilities team in the Benelux
Working with ultimately every employee and translating company culture, values, and strategies into practical application for the workplace
Building year plans and objectives that support our company strategy and business needs
Driving the change in our AMS office towards FLEXWORK. Experience in implementing new office concepts
Partner effectively with key groups such as IT, SAS, Procurement, Finance, and the People team. Maintain regular communications with a variety of stakeholders to ensure that all concerned parties are well informed on relevant topics.
Sourcing local services and goods needed to perform day to day operations through 3rd party suppliers. This in strong cooperation with our US based procurement team
Executing professional supplier management
Responding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise and dealing with the consequences. This job requires you to be reachable outside working hours for emergencies
Using performance management techniques to monitor and demonstrate achievement of agreed service levels and to lead on improvement
Planning best allocation and utilisation of space and resources. Short and mid term.
Implementing existing or new (global) processes/policies/procedures
Executing tenders. From preparing tender documents to signing off contracts in line with company policies and with involvement of right stakeholders and onboarding vendors
Having good knowledge of relevant Workplace Law and regulations
Developing and implementing sustainable ideas and solutions
Participating in or leading global project groups within the Places department
Understanding the impact you have on our carbon footprint and waste contribution, and knowing how to minimize this

Qualifications
Your Experience
Minimum of 10 years experience ensuring continuity of operations and maintenance /repairs in offices and lab spaces
Developing, directing, coordinating and planning essential central services such as maintenance/repairs, mail, shipping/receiving archiving, cleaning, food, waste disposal and recycling
Professional supplier management in a corporate/commercial environment
Responding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise and dealing with the consequences. This job requires you to be reachable outside working hours for emergencies
Planning best allocation and utilisation of space, resources and office concepts. Short and mid term
Executing tenders. From preparing tender documents to signing off contracts in line with company policies and with involvement of right stakeholders and onboarding vendors
Project management (hard-, soft services and construction projects) and supervising and coordinating the work of contractors, ensure minimum disruption to core activities
Bachelor's Degree
Additional Information
The Team
The Places team constantly strives to make our work environment comfortable, effective, productive and appealing. The workplace has a direct impact on your happiness, productivity, and how we can accomplish our mission. As a team, we take care of the day to day facilities services throughout our organization. We own the build-out projects while maintaining a productive, innovative environment for the business to work in.
Our Commitment

We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b405751a829c4015&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=b53d5f82f4fff77a&assa=792,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b405751a829c4015&fccid=0562f887e2bed9ea&vjs=3,20 dagen geleden,20 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
347,waste management,Indeed,p_c1092849475abf87,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c1092849475abf87&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
348,waste management,Indeed,p_39cafb1938e5cf18,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=39cafb1938e5cf18&fccid=3b573199c881e16d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
349,waste management,Indeed,p_e75280ba5eb554b0,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e75280ba5eb554b0&fccid=e4af9ca5b6d3a604&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
350,waste management,Indeed,p_27013e5a7af48662,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=27013e5a7af48662&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
351,waste management,Indeed,p_5e3c22e4280c9a45,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5e3c22e4280c9a45&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
352,waste management,Indeed,p_98898b3bc2392aac,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=98898b3bc2392aac&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
353,waste management,Indeed,p_29e8f5749a28bd2a,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=29e8f5749a28bd2a&fccid=e8ab7e2fac844af8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
354,waste management,Indeed,p_e704137543f839db,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e704137543f839db&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
355,waste management,Indeed,p_8a2543c6f6df197a,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8a2543c6f6df197a&fccid=794914f41c28afb7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
356,waste management,Indeed,p_1db89ac71cff8fee,Senior Systems Engineer,PVH, Amsterdam,"About PVH Corp.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward – for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That’s the Power of PVH.
The Team
Working in a skilled team with enthusiastic colleagues you will be part of the End User Infrastructure team in close collaboration with the Infrastructure and Network team.
Next to that you will be in close contact with the Digital Transformation team in charge of the Digital Showroom environment.
The team is responsible for implementation of new technologies, support and resolution of incoming incidents and fulfilment of service requests on multiple platforms.
The Position
At PVH we are transforming the fashion industry by breaking conventions every single day. We are always exploring ways to bring the industry forward and constantly accelerating the pace in which we do business. We believe that to succeed as a fashion lifestyle company we need to offer much more than high quality trendy collections. Our goal is to become the ultimate fashion tech brand.
To achieve this, we are looking for an enthusiastic System Engineer who will implement and support the technical infrastructure of our Digital Showroom across the world. Customer value and automation are key in deployment and configuration of our landscape. We are working towards enabling autonomous teams and ‘hands-off’ deployments. In this position you will be an ambassador to both our end-users and local field engineers or third parties so collaboration and maintaining a healthy relationship with adjacent teams is key.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintaining and supporting an environment of Mac and Windows systems;
Designing and implementing management solutions for end-point environments;
Designing and implementing operational models for end-point management solutions (SCCM, Intune);
Communicating and collaborating with multiple global teams involved in supporting the DS environment;
Providing third-line support during selling seasons;
Assisting with roll-outs and upgrades of Digital Showrooms;
Be responsible for content distribution;
Work with our hardware vendors to create a (next gen) hardware setup;
Help debugging software issues;
Automate tasks through SCCM, JAMF and leverage PowerShell for custom automation tasks;
Work with our security department to meet security standards.
The Ideal Candidate:
You have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent in experience;
Expert knowledge of SCCM/Intune – Design, Implementation and Operational;
PowerShell experience;
Ability and experience as a technical project manager on all phases (Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control, Close) to deliver planned work for the DS;
Understanding of networking;
Process based mindset – identify waste and create and implement improvements;
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with many different stakeholders;
Problem solving mindset;
Agile methodology knowledge and mindset;
You are fluent in the English language;
You can work independently;
You are flexible and able to work under pressure.
What You Can Expect from Us:
A beautiful state-of-the-art Campus, complete with our very own People's Place Gym and People's Place Cafés
A company culture that fosters development, offering training and learning opportunities through our very own PVH University
An international environment which respects diversity, equality, and individuality
A smart work program that empowers our associates to work at their preferred location within a flexible schedule
A chance to unwind with weekly social activities
PVH Europe and our brands, TOMMY HILFIGER and CALVIN KLEIN, are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community of associates with a strong sense of belonging. We believe we are bettered by all forms of diversity, and take pride in working with top talent from every walk of life and corner of the world. In the spirit of inclusivity, qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, ethnicity, ability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, nationality, race, religion or sexual orientation.
COVID-19 and Working at PVH
As we continue to navigate the impact of COVID-19 and look ahead to shaping our new ways of working, the health, safety and well-being of our associates remains our #1 priority. This means all of our teams, including HR, work a bit differently*. Our Recruiting process is conducted remotely, primarily via phone and video calls. New hires will be welcomed through an adapted, at-home onboarding program. Equipment will be delivered safely to your front doors.

We will continue to work this way until September 2021, and are looking to shape a more hybrid work-from-home / office model in the coming months.
Should your application be successful, our Talent Acquisition Team will outline the recruitment process and Covid Work policies in your initial call.

Please note that should you be applying for a role at our PVH Studios, or in our distribution facilities, the hybrid model already applies.
#LI-JN2",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a8861e0deb3f4e8&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=51d757cf31597633&assa=5688,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1db89ac71cff8fee&fccid=541f99e75f9ccda5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-27,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
357,waste management,Indeed,p_b1c242a99fa560fe,Senior Front End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"Senior Front End Software Engineer
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by building a world where people share more and waste less. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
You will work on our high-availability infrastructure, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career in Marktplaats
What you can expect from us:
A collaborative, informal, international and energetic work environment with multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Work with technologies such as Scala, Java, swift, Node.js, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, CockroachDB and more in a fast-evolving Microservices architecture
Possibility to work on all stages of the software development lifecycle: from design to implementation to release and monitoring
Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work
Work on one of the most beloved brands in the Netherlands
About the teams:
We seek to continuously improve our teams and product with a data-driven approach to measure the impact we are making. We have teams focusing on different domains of our platform, every one of them with their own dynamics and challenges.
What we expect from you:
The person we are looking for has extensive experience in software development in online or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment with knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Strong collaboration skills and ability to influence a multi-functional team to deliver results;
Develop high quality, performant, maintainable and testable applications:
Javascript (ES2020) and TypeScript
React (with Hooks and server-side rendering),
HTML5, CSS3 (SASS, CSS modules)
Jest, Mocha, Chai & Sinon, Node.js, Express.js, npm, Webpack & Babel
Find and help fix stability, scalability, performance issues, cross-browser compatibility, Web standards, and interoperability.
Own major projects and features from design phase to coding, testing, delivery
Have a proven grasp and experience with MVC and OO design.
Proficient using source control systems (Git)
Ability to come up with innovative solutions to problems, while also thoroughly considering edge cases and avoiding pitfalls
Your responsibilities will include:
Be a key team member in development and design of new projects
Mentor of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)
Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them out
Help to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)
Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements
Preferably you have degree in Computer Sciences or comparable topic.
What we offer:
Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.
International career opportunities throughout eCG.
Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.
A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.
A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).
We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel Markplaats is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.com/marktplaats
Covid-19
People are the heart of the Markplaats and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fefa36ff64e1cfbe&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=dcc80a2bb01486e9&assa=7828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1c242a99fa560fe&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
358,waste management,Indeed,p_b20cc97b72780e6b,Senior Front End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"Senior Front End Software Engineer
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by building a world where people share more and waste less. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
You will work on our high-availability infrastructure, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career in Marktplaats
What you can expect from us:
A collaborative, informal, international and energetic work environment with multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Work with technologies such as Scala, Java, swift, Node.js, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, CockroachDB and more in a fast-evolving Microservices architecture
Possibility to work on all stages of the software development lifecycle: from design to implementation to release and monitoring
Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work
Work on one of the most beloved brands in the Netherlands
About the teams:
We seek to continuously improve our teams and product with a data-driven approach to measure the impact we are making. We have teams focusing on different domains of our platform, every one of them with their own dynamics and challenges.
What we expect from you:
The person we are looking for has extensive experience in software development in online or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment with knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Strong collaboration skills and ability to influence a multi-functional team to deliver results;
Develop high quality, performant, maintainable and testable applications:
Javascript (ES2020) and TypeScript
React (with Hooks and server-side rendering),
HTML5, CSS3 (SASS, CSS modules)
Jest, Mocha, Chai & Sinon, Node.js, Express.js, npm, Webpack & Babel
Find and help fix stability, scalability, performance issues, cross-browser compatibility, Web standards, and interoperability.
Own major projects and features from design phase to coding, testing, delivery
Have a proven grasp and experience with MVC and OO design.
Proficient using source control systems (Git)
Ability to come up with innovative solutions to problems, while also thoroughly considering edge cases and avoiding pitfalls
Your responsibilities will include:
Be a key team member in development and design of new projects
Mentor of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)
Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them out
Help to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)
Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements
Preferably you have degree in Computer Sciences or comparable topic.
What we offer:
Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.
International career opportunities throughout eCG.
Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.
A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.
A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).
We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel Markplaats is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.com/marktplaats
Covid-19
People are the heart of the Markplaats and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fefa36ff64e1cfbe&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=dcc80a2bb01486e9&assa=7828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b20cc97b72780e6b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
359,waste management,Indeed,p_31a6593ba62d165b,Senior Front End Software Engineer,eBay Inc, Amsterdam,"Senior Front End Software Engineer
Every month Marktplaats handles over 8 million unique visitors and 350.000 new advertisements each day making Marktplaats the largest online trading platform in the Netherlands. Consumer and professional sellers offer a large and varied assortment of used and new products. Every connection made or item found makes a difference by building a world where people share more and waste less. But we want to go even further - we are constantly changing our platform to deliver the experience our customers love. We are a mix of Dutch and Silicon Valley cultures; like both, we are an international team of passionate people who share a common interest in solving problems using software and data. We invite you to join us!
You will work on our high-availability infrastructure, improve customer experience through innovation, impact revenues and advance our team and technologies. In turn, we will work with you to grow your career in Marktplaats
What you can expect from us:
A collaborative, informal, international and energetic work environment with multi-disciplinary agile/lean teams
Managers and teammates who are invested in your growth as a technologist and as a person
Work with technologies such as Scala, Java, swift, Node.js, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, CockroachDB and more in a fast-evolving Microservices architecture
Possibility to work on all stages of the software development lifecycle: from design to implementation to release and monitoring
Continuous Deployment through multiple environments to get rapid feedback about your work
Work on one of the most beloved brands in the Netherlands
About the teams:
We seek to continuously improve our teams and product with a data-driven approach to measure the impact we are making. We have teams focusing on different domains of our platform, every one of them with their own dynamics and challenges.
What we expect from you:
The person we are looking for has extensive experience in software development in online or related areas, with at least 6+ years of full-time employment with knowledge of what it means to work with large and/or distributed systems. Furthermore, we need someone who lives and breathes Agile development, can focus on delivering, and wants to take a leading role in improving how we work.
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Strong collaboration skills and ability to influence a multi-functional team to deliver results;
Develop high quality, performant, maintainable and testable applications:
Javascript (ES2020) and TypeScript
React (with Hooks and server-side rendering),
HTML5, CSS3 (SASS, CSS modules)
Jest, Mocha, Chai & Sinon, Node.js, Express.js, npm, Webpack & Babel
Find and help fix stability, scalability, performance issues, cross-browser compatibility, Web standards, and interoperability.
Own major projects and features from design phase to coding, testing, delivery
Have a proven grasp and experience with MVC and OO design.
Proficient using source control systems (Git)
Ability to come up with innovative solutions to problems, while also thoroughly considering edge cases and avoiding pitfalls
Your responsibilities will include:
Be a key team member in development and design of new projects
Mentor of junior and medior developers (guide them through architecture and procedures, be a mentor helping with skills development)
Think with your colleagues about architecture decisions and help work them out
Help to continuously improve development work in all areas (coding, processes, tools, testing, etc.)
Be a technical sparring partner for the organisation to help the business build efficient and effective requirements
Preferably you have degree in Computer Sciences or comparable topic.
What we offer:
Meaningful work with diverse, international, highly skilled and passionate teams which give you the chance to make a difference in our customers’ lives.
International career opportunities throughout eCG.
Competitive compensation, conference & education budget. We value your personal and professional development.
A healthy work-life balance, i.e. part-time work, an additional paid parental leave time, flexible working hours including working from home options.
A great atmosphere, open-minded company culture with several social team activities (online and offline).
We love building opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, no matter who you are, you feel Markplaats is a place where you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about us click here: https://jobs.ebayclassifiedsgroup.com/marktplaats
Covid-19
People are the heart of the Markplaats and their health and well-being are our first priority.
We continue to monitor local government guidance and partner closely with medical advisors to determine the safest and best next steps for everyone. As a result, most teams are working remotely, with a few teams able to collaborate in person with enhanced safety procedures. We will discuss the particular case for your region during the interview process. As a general rule, interviews will be completed remotely over video calls.
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fefa36ff64e1cfbe&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=dcc80a2bb01486e9&assa=7828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
360,waste management,Indeed,pj_71fd8d2b3cff156b,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Ad3MfKEIvCheKKIcSr8aCuH9HvxKg8U8WFkhXUBaQL0tPBpblsP2mY8fC3Eu1z2RCTEhedTd2WiO-SUqNYxpN-qfBQi6GFrRluDyQg9eG5mzNsKFYvvBDMznMvo67_u7fKYFDOiDoi2BR4RmZPbZixB6j7lowp4KP7ep94PAHK9OeJJl2Rjww0g2yTUYSHuU-_LUYJrfNlpHwxoHwfOyLylNhz8xDIeWBjPJEvrXyp5xh0L4HQttBkGMTv9REsNko3LxpG6Af-9vud62KOkWFdL57MO1el2JeV4y7_5Z0DOmJb0o-3PvasFIRYwv-6BNC8H8_S3fzKeagbhjwCF8ig-WVElmYEBmZLNhBDsbytoo2fTiAOfvU6_J5xDZn3z0e2893WEbfLBVO5gpXbWJ7cFx0ZB5RJZFRkJH6aRphzxd9N-dpb2cjHyFLBlAukg2hwQ8cBz6tS48BW1Cl9Kdi5uZW_gDJ2U5FR3NQIpgKrGSkf1xhJcssj&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
361,waste management,Indeed,p_fefa36ff64e1cfbe,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fefa36ff64e1cfbe&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
362,waste management,Indeed,p_9d2796f3ce5ecefd,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9d2796f3ce5ecefd&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
363,waste management,Indeed,p_4966ba545a0cd1cd,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4966ba545a0cd1cd&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
364,waste management,Indeed,p_53e203f54fefa9e4,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=53e203f54fefa9e4&fccid=5b16841c3468a10d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
365,waste management,Indeed,p_7954ebb7154e861b,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7954ebb7154e861b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
366,waste management,Indeed,p_b1c242a99fa560fe,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b1c242a99fa560fe&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
367,waste management,Indeed,p_31a6593ba62d165b,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=31a6593ba62d165b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
368,waste management,Indeed,p_d087ac8e744963b0,Senior iOS developer,Temper, Amsterdam,"A day in the life of a Senior iOS Developer at Temper

You start your day with a cup of coffee and/or tea. Then you open your Slack, Asana and agenda. You’ll sync up with colleague developers on the tasks of the day and receive feedback that helps all solving ongoing task. Today you’ll spend coding features for our modularized apps within the iOS ecosystem. It’s your passion to write clean architecture using UIKit / Swift / Xcode and so you create an easily-testable code. You work in our fully integrated design system. It’s time to release new updates and you monitor stats to make sure features are working as intended for Tempers Users. With your highly analytical and curious mind you are continually looking for new technologies and innovations. Therefore you do some research and come across an innovative idea. You put it on the agenda for the next team stand-up. It was a good day!
This is what you, as our new Senior iOS Developer, bring to the team:

A passion for mobil development with the ability to work autonomously and a strong understanding of the iOS ecosystem and its design patterns.
4+ years of experience shipping high quality software and professional understanding of Git, GitHub Actions, Git Open-source, CI /CD, SCM and test-driven development. As our iOS super hero you also bring strong knowledge of UIKit, Swift, SwiftUI, Xcode, RxCocoa/RxSwift or equivalent.
Affinity with all things mobile development. If you have worked with the Android SDK this is a big plus.
This is what we offer you

We're in a great phase where you will have a huge impact on the future of our iOS development. With 1 app already available to the public and the next already being worked on. Our product is having a hugely positive effect on people's everyday lives! We are enabling people to take more control over their lives. It's incredible to hear how people changed their lives because of our platform.

Besides a (remote) workplace where we live and breathe the above values we have some Temper specific factors that are interesting for you to know:

Flexible working hours: we concentrate on output and we don’t look at what time you start or end your day or where you are. We trust you in your decisions.
Flexible time-off: no one knows when and how you need to spend your time off. Why meddle with it then? When you ensure your output is on track, and you align your schedule with your team/manager, you are in charge of your time off.
An ambitious and positively challenging environment:
Keep learning: A yearly budget to learn new skills.
Tooling: The tools you think you'll need to get your best work done.

About Temper

Temper is an online platform where Freelancers can find various gigs in Hospitality, Retail, Logistics, and Charity. We offer Freelancers the freedom to decide for themselves where they work when they work, and for what hourly rate they work. In our experience, this level of freedom results in higher motivated Freelancers and better results. Next to that, we support companies to develop and position themselves as an attractive place to work at for Freelancers.
We achieve this by developing smart technologies to enable Freelancers and clients to find each other seamlessly, ensuring that a FreeFlexer is always able to find the right gig, at the right place and time for the right rate.

The freedom that we provide to our users, is also what we aim to comply with as colleagues working at Temper. We highly value flexibility and ownership. Not only by receiving them, but we also encourage everyone to embrace this to their full potential. Interested? Check out our core values in the next section.
Our core values

We have 5 core values that we use as our daily behavioral compass:

We do it for them: If Jane is our customer, our purpose is about her. We are here to make opportunities work for her. We help her in finding the right solutions and achieving her ambitions. When she's happy, we're doing good.
We move and improve: Personal development is key. We need to be innovative, moving fast to stay relevant. We are prepared to take risks. We picture the ideal outcome — no matter how crazy — then do whatever it takes to move things forward.
We share to succeed: We work towards a common goal, supporting each other and celebrating together. We are honest and frank and expect the same in return. We enjoy sharing insights, ideas, and stories. As a team, we simply have more impact — and more fun.
We own it: Based on solid trust in each other, we take ownership and make decisions with confidence. We don't waste time and we hold ourselves and others accountable for results — both the good and the bad.
We battle for the best: Our best solutions are born from the discussion and challenging each other. We don’t walk away from big hairy issues. Instead, we kick around ideas and insights until we have hammered out the best possible answer.

Do you feel our core values match your personal values? Let’s have a chat. We are super proud to tell you more about this and how we enhance these in our daily working lives!
Due to COVID-19 we are unfortunately restricted in relocation possibilities. Therefore we preferer European citizens as candidates for our open vacancies. We update our website when perspective for relocation is more optimistic.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d087ac8e744963b0&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-28,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
369,waste management,Indeed,p_d5987ff90a2f70f9,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d5987ff90a2f70f9&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
370,waste management,Indeed,p_6008fa5a92b0d1e2,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6008fa5a92b0d1e2&fccid=4f1c45d3ec7729fc&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
371,waste management,Indeed,p_3806cef3ca5a23f4,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Fiona/jobs/Keuken-Brigade-3806cef3ca5a23f4?fccid=6f13b1969fd439c0&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
372,waste management,Indeed,p_5e8bbd72c9821e08,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5e8bbd72c9821e08&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
373,waste management,Indeed,p_c26228ca30f8099b,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c26228ca30f8099b&fccid=98ff78e7fd5ab8ba&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
374,waste management,Indeed,p_2a0e8d17a8a23c8d,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a0e8d17a8a23c8d&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
375,waste management,Indeed,p_6a7d639b1b8e51ee,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6a7d639b1b8e51ee&fccid=00cf9d7cf01ff0dc&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
376,waste management,Indeed,p_a0915cda71791f66,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a0915cda71791f66&fccid=f229b354f5d64873&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
377,waste management,Indeed,p_ea8f6dc8711fe43f,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ea8f6dc8711fe43f&fccid=6f47211b0637a52d&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
378,waste management,Indeed,p_ef2d972f9fd83f8d,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
379,waste management,Indeed,p_cba1edfa3c1c47ee,Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Hunkemöller trades via several online 3rd parties such as Zalando, Wehkamp, Amazon, Asos etc. The core task of this role is to meet and exceed the sales/EBITDA target for a selection of Hunkemöller online partners and assist in onboarding and growing new partners.
You will support the team with the following:
Develop an effective relationship with partners as well as internally with various stakeholders such as marketing, buying and logistics.
Day-to-day account management of 3rd parties including sales analyses, marketing activities, reporting and in-season trading opportunities.
Assisting in onboarding international new partners under which the alignment with IT, finance and logistics.
Account development with respect to assortment, technical integration, and relationship management.
Advice and assist in selecting the right product assortment per partner during the quarterly buy.
Our perfect candidate:
A background in e-commerce, with a minimum of 2 years' experience.
Passionate about retail and fashion.
Comfortable with Excel, SAP, Outlook. Knowledge of PIM systems and partner portals (including Amazon/BOL/La Moda) is a plus.
Results-driven with Dutch and English language skills (written and verbal); as well as the ability to build relationships and to optimize your commercial insights with a strong focus on trading.
An analytical thinker and highly numerate. You're also able to work flexibly & independently within deadlines.
University or college education degree.
Available for a minimum of 32 hours p/w.
Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. A place where people love to work, are proud of the brand, and where we create true brand ambassadors. Working in a passionate, energetic, design-led and performance-driven environment where our key customer persona 'Shero' sits at the heart of everything we do. Hunkemöller is certified TOP EMPLOYER of the Netherlands 2021, which underlines our people initiatives and achievements.
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV (in English) or LinkedIn profile.

For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies.

We’re looking for an Online 3rd parties Coordinator Concessions (m/f) with some first experience for our E-Commerce department. Do you want to be part of the fastest growing department of the organization and are you available as of June/July onwards? Don’t hesitate and apply now!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ec8dbb4e248a24d8&from=vj&sjdu=dMoRUYCFe6vrtWZ8TGeysIDN-i8ErTfIwmcFstq4eVKiRDCaU_4Pu3pW2TxHXxNmkvDP-McGf5xP6Hv-7KfWDdfd9cRhPMKULdJMrwIhHwAWX7If1QZnUN_JqaMk5zy2Orvk3FMOpAshFICMUMuwInnW89Keas3HSRJm9DSHkfYH7hLgZmU_eZcPEZVy75Rg2g5XIgFjvDcywQzfbAIHnA&spon=1&adid=365681253&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CHMOIQv3sdozsMraoL-vBqmyGsVatFw7MGxZf8R_SZFc7jRk9lGz2FszdbObOo9RQ6ausb06a0SvsBIVjwSOWMuYwZ1Y7jp6W7adxwtm6wNsRE6XzApfT4yqYfehjmVveXbrjyBSdzlDByLoAiQ1A0Zp51mBGEVi_yWaxOzhJ9MDOzAGm5km7cIxHduqtsy-Cox32JtFyc0Hn_mN0iVS8Y_oWZOO7KxHn2W9MnmMuL9aAEs3dOxWChTkb6yT19vTU9HnbQMm2rLO_483XIde4Po6CYF9iR86b_MYTk45uucx9HkNYFkkbnjcJkhs008JmVnH702ScnHvWzIvdj-m5_Ay4W2PtO16UDj6gd4I7nBxPfDDRg7ivSDT3FhKSJ2cTWy5ww1vlO5yWf2DsRSdZV8KlgjW1rn3Sba0lxQQkZNlfhhZ7moKXBXWAOSIOs7SHW-YHyEAUJ7b_jU-WohqvbgbjOPYIEkgx7XGAs_FY0ZPyaOhY5XtQ6_WQo6Sx-lbrs8hWTBGaB-HfubDfXwNaFKoEVrP54Y2-4yiLAN5DiE7xkM5yhlATYGzlNDIZDhUOtqT7J1NtIBmMMdroWr7Rj7Td_EiiXezm-MiED4des9e2KYKlUr2GSEJJPj_tTHbOx21aF7EvOdnF213wfJz1ZnQaToPq7iDjtjnm_4uyoYQ==&astse=adfa018bdd241e45&assa=8828,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cba1edfa3c1c47ee&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-29,en,Yes,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
380,waste management,Indeed,p_ef2d972f9fd83f8d,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
381,waste management,Indeed,p_f2cedcaf23200deb,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Project-Coordinator-Intern-f2cedcaf23200deb?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
382,waste management,Indeed,p_9c0b66e5f2a231ba,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9c0b66e5f2a231ba&fccid=794914f41c28afb7&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
383,waste management,Indeed,p_55b12067b378f541,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=55b12067b378f541&fccid=1a63a56f70c352c8&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
384,waste management,Indeed,p_64ed18d6b121b21b,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=64ed18d6b121b21b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
385,waste management,Indeed,p_76f25a573a331461,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=76f25a573a331461&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
386,waste management,Indeed,p_1ed16782a0022dd8,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1ed16782a0022dd8&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
387,waste management,Indeed,p_cba1edfa3c1c47ee,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cba1edfa3c1c47ee&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
388,waste management,Indeed,p_ea8f6dc8711fe43f,E-Mail Marketing Coordinator,Body  Fit, Amsterdam,"The opportunity where you will make an impact:

As our E-Mail Marketing Coordinator you will be part of the CRM team and support the execution of the Body&Fit and Optimum Nutrition CRM / E-mail strategy. You will, together with other channel leads, including our CRM manager and our Head of Performance, drive incremental growth in existing markets as well as roll-out and ramp-up in new markets.

Full-time · Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Analyse customer data and campaigns in order to enrich Body&Fit’s understanding of its client base as well as to initiate new data-driven marketing campaigns;

Utilize customer behavioural, demographic, lifestyle and transactional data to deliver custom marketing messages with the aim of increasing CLV;
Optimize the segmentation & personalization strategy of the E-mail marketing team;
Support on implementation of targeted, timely customer retention programs that will increase loyalty, retention and encourage segment;
Brief, create and deliver email marketing campaigns in sync with the trade calendar for all markets
Taking concepts, stories and content from the creative team and making data driven decisions
Agile test email send-outs and incrementally improve performance
Create daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reporting stack to ensure both operational excellence as well as optimal channel visibility within the business
Support the E-mail marketing manager is meeting the set targets
Deliver channel incremental growth, while positively impacting CLV, retention and engagement metrics

What you will bring to Body & Fit

2-3 years experience in CRM/E-Mail Marketing and in an e-commerce environment
Experience with Clang, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe or other similar products
Experience in data infrastructure (AMZ) & visualization (PowerBI/Tableau-etc.) knowledge would be advantageous
Tech savvy with A/B testing, personalization and segmentation experience in a B2C e-commerce setting
Familiarity with the technical flow involved in CRM campaigns execution
Proficiency with Google Analytics, Excel and number crunching
Strong experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve business outcomes
Great team-player, a hands-on mentality and a sense of fun.

What we would like to offer you:

The opportunity to shape your career in our global organisation that is championing the healthy lifestyle movement!

Create your own nutrition formula with a discount on our products!

Are we the right fit for you?

Life is way too short to waste anyone’s time so there are a few things that we would like to be upfront about:

Politics, intrigue, gossip. We’re just way too busy for all that stuff!
Slow moving, corporate environment. We move pretty quickly here so we don’t have room for passengers.
Hiding in the background. If we’re to grow together we want you to step up and tell us how to do it. We need your voice!


Please note: To be eligible for this position you need to have a valid working visa / permit to work in the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a2ecf050a39ce798&assa=7768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ea8f6dc8711fe43f&fccid=6f47211b0637a52d&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-05-03,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
389,waste management,Indeed,p_ef2d972f9fd83f8d,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ef2d972f9fd83f8d&fccid=c1a5ee1a442e8461&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
390,waste management,Indeed,p_cba1edfa3c1c47ee,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cba1edfa3c1c47ee&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
391,waste management,Indeed,p_929cbbdcc79dbead,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=929cbbdcc79dbead&fccid=14befa0aae3644d3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
392,waste management,Indeed,p_d0aec873c41d039c,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d0aec873c41d039c&fccid=8568b3938fc8c53f&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
393,waste management,Indeed,p_45b6f48e149014aa,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sapient-Social-&-Environmental-Enterprises/jobs/Graphic-Designer-45b6f48e149014aa?fccid=87b2decddd549d3e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
394,waste management,Indeed,p_64ed18d6b121b21b,Internship Buying,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll run through our 'Best internship in Retail' and learn on the job while support the team with following:
Sample management for all incoming samples
Manage product communication to stores
Responsible for all buying/ ecommerce processes, together with the ecommerce team
Responsible to have all fitting documents and samples prepared for fittings
Responsible for checking bulk submissions
Responsible for creating COT forms
Responsible for different processes in our order system SAP
Prepare data and product for business-critical meetings
General support of the Buying team
Our ideal candidate possesses the following skills:
Able to prioritize workload, have good organizational skills and a good eye for detail
Excellent verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly, effectively and appropriately with colleagues, suppliers and others at all levels
Highly motivated to learn and develop
A creative eye & Demonstration of a commercial aptitude
Fluent in English both written and verbal
Currently enrolled in a study, which is ideally Fashion/Retail/product related
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from August/September 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Hunkemöller's 'Best internship in Retail' is not just a chance to add a few lines to your CV or to complete a study module from school or uni. It's also a genuine opportunity to kick-start your future career, as you will be joining the leading lingerie brand in Europe. Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our 'Together Tomorrow' initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business, employees & customers.
We are especially proud that we can offer our 'Best internship in Retail' even in times like these. Of course we had to make some adjustments to the internship program itself, but are super happy that we found a way to still provide a great experience for 50+ new interns starting in September 2021. Apply now and get the chance to start this awesome adventure with us! Of course we adjusted our whole recruiting process to guarantee a Covid-proof applicant journey.
Apply now with your CV (in English).
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.
If you have any questions, please contact our lovely recruiting team via mail: recruitment@hunkemoller.com

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international head office you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of August/September 2021 our Buying Team at the head office in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Buying intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ae75c4e2b28628d0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3e8d29a7a8ed507f&assa=916,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=64ed18d6b121b21b&fccid=ccf155b8e5eb4bf8&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-04,en,No,No,water supply and waste management,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,E,0.19444444444444445,0.8055555555555556,0.5833333333333334,0.4444444444444444,Male,Older
