,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Industry,Sector,Job Description,Type of ownership,Rating,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,author,Glassdoor,4010257532,Technical Author,YER,Veldhoven,Detachering en outsourcing,Business Services,"
Do you know how to transform complex high-tech information to small and understandable steps with clear illustrations? Are you an expert at structuring texts and writing in accordance with standards? Then you are the Technical Author we are looking for!You will create or edit all technical documentation (Procedure, PCS, FCO, Newsflash, comments, etc.) for Equipment and/or Manufacturing Engineering and be the main interface for all authoring related issues, tooling and processes.﻿You will be working in the department ED DE Industrialization, where you are responsible to create and maintain the technical communication needed to build and service our machines in the factory and field, based on the input of the manufacturing and equipment engineers. Your support structurally improves the quality and usability of our procedures.FunctieConvert input from engineers, suppliers and/or development documentation into effective technical documentation for ASML products according to the specifications and standards.Create and edit procedures for factory and service operations.Create and make changes to illustrations and convert illustrations to the required publishing format.Use documentation tools and apply the ASML style to the created or modified documents.Specify requirements concerning illustrations, technical input or user feedback.Signal problems with technical documentation and propose scenarios for solutions or escalate.Acts as a first point of contact on issues with documentation relating to the various projects and for handling incoming comments.BedrijfASML is a successful Dutch high-tech enterprise that produces complex lithography systems used by chip manufacturers in the production of integrated circuits. ASML is at the cutting edge of this technology and delivers systems to all the world's leading chip manufacturers. ASML's employees are among the most creative talents in the fields of physics, mathematics, chemistry, mechanical engineering and software. Every day they collaborate in close-knit multidisciplinary teams in which members listen to and learn from one another and exchange ideas. It is the ideal environment for professional development and personal growth.ASML is headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands.AanbodYou will be employed by YER and seconded to ASML. We offer:Good employee benefits (e.g. work-life balance, pension, lease car, bonus model);Challenging assignments;Excellent guidance from your consultant and YER's back office;Development opportunities, including the YER Talent Development Program with a personal coach;Intensive support for international candidates (including Dutch lessons, tax-return and accommodation assistance);Cooperative and results and relationship-driven;Friendly atmosphere and open culture;Community/network with other technology professionals from a variety of multinationals;Events and master classes with interesting speakers and attractive companies.ProfielMaster or bachelor degree, preferably in a technical area.Fluent in written English.Experience writing in accordance with Standards.Proven work experience as a Technical Author is preferred.Knowledge of Simplified Technical English and experience in the use of CMS and XML authoring are an advantage.Personal SkillsBroad interest in technique;Good one-on-one communication skills;Focused on quality, continuous improvement;English, preferably STE;Writing well-structured concise documents;Knowledge of XML and DITA preferred;Communication skills;Precision;Critical thinking.
Do you know how to transform complex high-tech information to small and understandable steps with clear illustrations? Are you an expert at structuring texts and writing in accordance with standards? Then you are the Technical Author we are looking for!You will create or edit all technical documentation (Procedure, PCS, FCO, Newsflash, comments, etc.) for Equipment and/or Manufacturing Engineering and be the main interface for all authoring related issues, tooling and processes.﻿You will be working in the department ED DE Industrialization, where you are responsible to create and maintain the technical communication needed to build and service our machines in the factory and field, based on the input of the manufacturing and equipment engineers. Your support structurally improves the quality and usability of our procedures.
FunctieConvert input from engineers, suppliers and/or development documentation into effective technical documentation for ASML products according to the specifications and standards.Create and edit procedures for factory and service operations.Create and make changes to illustrations and convert illustrations to the required publishing format.Use documentation tools and apply the ASML style to the created or modified documents.Specify requirements concerning illustrations, technical input or user feedback.Signal problems with technical documentation and propose scenarios for solutions or escalate.Acts as a first point of contact on issues with documentation relating to the various projects and for handling incoming comments.
BedrijfASML is a successful Dutch high-tech enterprise that produces complex lithography systems used by chip manufacturers in the production of integrated circuits. ASML is at the cutting edge of this technology and delivers systems to all the world's leading chip manufacturers. ASML's employees are among the most creative talents in the fields of physics, mathematics, chemistry, mechanical engineering and software. Every day they collaborate in close-knit multidisciplinary teams in which members listen to and learn from one another and exchange ideas. It is the ideal environment for professional development and personal growth.ASML is headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands.
AanbodYou will be employed by YER and seconded to ASML. We offer:Good employee benefits (e.g. work-life balance, pension, lease car, bonus model);Challenging assignments;Excellent guidance from your consultant and YER's back office;Development opportunities, including the YER Talent Development Program with a personal coach;Intensive support for international candidates (including Dutch lessons, tax-return and accommodation assistance);Cooperative and results and relationship-driven;Friendly atmosphere and open culture;Community/network with other technology professionals from a variety of multinationals;Events and master classes with interesting speakers and attractive companies.
ProfielMaster or bachelor degree, preferably in a technical area.Fluent in written English.Experience writing in accordance with Standards.Proven work experience as a Technical Author is preferred.Knowledge of Simplified Technical English and experience in the use of CMS and XML authoring are an advantage.Personal SkillsBroad interest in technique;Good one-on-one communication skills;Focused on quality, continuous improvement;English, preferably STE;Writing well-structured concise documents;Knowledge of XML and DITA preferred;Communication skills;Precision;Critical thinking.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f7b3fa8e&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=4010257532,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6367f60e&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=4010257532,17d,17d,2021-03-12,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,M,0.42133726647000985,0.5786627335299902,0.35693215339233036,0.6425762045231072,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
1,author,Glassdoor,3814909829,Technical Author,Universiteit Leiden,Leiden,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Education,"Vacaturenr.21-035Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functies, PhD-positiesOmvang (fte)1,0Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op2 februari 2021Sluitingsdatum1 april 2021Leiden University, The Faculty of Humanities, is looking for aPhD candidate on Economic thinking in the Socratic authors and AristotleProject descriptionWe are looking for an excellent, highly motivated, enterprising and enthusiastic PhD candidate to join the project team. The PhD candidate will analyze economic thinking in late-5th- and 4th-century philosophical circles. This is a period that witnessed the emergence of oikonomia-literature (e.g. Xenophon’s Oeconomicus, the now lost peri oikonomias texts by Antisthenes and Xenocrates, Aristotle’s Politics I). The thesis will study selected topics from this oikonomia-literature in the broader philosophical and systemic contexts in which they functioned: texts from the Socratic circle (Aeschines of Sphettus, Antisthenes, the pseudo-Platonica), Xenophon, Plato and Aristotle. How do these thinkers understand the phenomenon of “money”? How are phenomena such as “gain” and “acquisitiveness” evaluated? What are their views on labor, property, utility? But also, what kind of theories of human nature are presupposed by these economic ideas: how do dominant conceptions of human rationality, body-soul dualism or freedom feed into economic ideas? And what kind of knowledge is this economic knowledge? How do specific discursive practices (e.g. thought experiments, dialectics, utopian discourse) shape specific economic ideas?The thesis will consist of four or five case studies. Candidates are invited to submit a research proposal containing the design of one case study (title, research question, scholarly background, aims, method, corpus) around these questions. In their proposal, they should outline their suggested approach, main research question, and expected original contribution to the field.The Vidi-project “From Homo Economicus to Political Animal. Human self-understanding in ancient Greek economic reflection”The PhD candidate will be working on a subproject within the Vidi research project From Homo Economicus to Political Animal. Human Self-understanding in Ancient Greek Economic Reflection, funded by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, and directed by dr. T.A. (Tazuko) van Berkel (assistant professor in ancient Greek language and literature at Leiden University).From Homo Economicus to Political Animal is a research project that seeks to offer a revisionist account of the history of economic thinking in ancient Greece that explores the anthropologies (views on human nature) presupposed and produced by Greek economic texts, and the specific knowledge forms that shape these anthropologies. At the core of the project there are three fundamental questions:What are the central concepts, questions and principles that the ancient Greeks thought were “economic”, i.e. pertaining to the ways in which human beings interact with their natural and social environment for the provisioning of their livelihoods?Who or what is the ancient Greek equivalent of Economic Man: what kind of anthropologies are implied and propagated by ancient Greek economic reflection? How do particular anthropologies inform and shape key economic concepts?What kind of knowledge is “economic knowledge” in the ancient Greek world? What kind of discursive practices are producing, shaping and reproducing ancient economic thought?The project will consist of three components that each explore the intersections of these three questions, focusing on Classical philosophical texts (PhD), Hellenistic philosophical texts and utopian discourse (postdoc), and ancient Greek folk economics (PI; Tazuko van Berkel). For more information on the Vidi-project, see the project website.Key responsibilitiesCompletion of a PhD thesis within four years (1.0 FTE) or five years (0.8 FTE);Participation in meetings of the project research group(s) and events organized by the research group;Participation in knowledge utilization activities;Presentations of intermediate research results at workshops and conferences;Participation in the training programme of the local Leiden Graduate School, the LUCAS Institute and the National Research School in Classics (OIKOS);Participation in staff meeting of the Leiden Classics team and the intellectual life of the department and the LUCAS (PhD) community;Some teaching in the second and third years of the appointment, subject to progress and demand.Selection criteriaA RMA, MA or MPhil degree in Classics, held by time of appointment, with an MA thesis of high quality with a grade of at least 8.0 on a ten-point scale, or comparable assessment;Ability to finish the proposed PhD research within the allotted time;Well-developed research skills, including the ability to formulate relevant and creative research questions and hypotheses, descriptive and analytical skills, and a clear and persuasive style of writing;Excellent competence in ancient Greek and English, as well as reading competence in French, German and Italian;Interest in philosophy (both ancient and modern) and social sciences (e.g. economic theory, sociology of knowledge);Taste for interdisciplinary research;Independent thinker, team player.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is a unique international centre for the advanced study of languages, cultures, arts, and societies worldwide, in their historical contexts from prehistory to the present. Our faculty is home to more than 6,000 students and 800 staff members. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The Leiden University Centre for the Arts in Society (LUCAS) is one of the seven Research Institutes of the Faculty of Humanities. LUCAS is dedicated to ground-breaking research that explores the multifaceted relationships between the arts and society.Terms and conditionsPhD project, 4 years (1.0 FTE), starting date 1 September 2021 or sooner. Initially the employee will receive a one-year contract, with extension for the following 36 months on condition of a positive evaluation. A part-time (0.8 FTE) appointment is also possible; the full duration of the appointment will in that case be 5 years. Salary range from € 2,395.- to € 3,061.- gross per month for a fulltime appointment (pay scale P, in accordance with the Collective Labour Agreement for Dutch Universities).Leiden University offers an attractive benefits package with additional holiday (8%) and end-of-year bonuses (8.3 %), training and career development and sabbatical leave. Our individual choices model gives you some freedom to assemble your own set of terms and conditions. Candidates from outside the Netherlands may be eligible for a substantial tax break. For more information, see the website.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationMore information about this position and the Vidi-project may be obtained from Tazuko van Berkel, email t.a.van.berkel@hum.leidenuniv.nl. Information about the selection procedure and about LUCAS can be obtained via Mariska de Groot, email im-lucas@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationTo apply for this vacancy, please submit your application via our online system, by clicking on the blue button at the top of this page. Please ensure that you upload the following additional documents in a single PDF file (not zipped), quoting the vacancy number:Cover letter;CV, including contact information of two referees (no reference letters; N.B. please list these in your PDF rather than entering them into the system);Transcript of records;Research proposal of 1500 words for one case study (out of 4 or 5). This does not include the bibliography and (if appropriate) an appendix containing a list of sources (together max. two pages A4);Copy of relevant diploma.Only applications received no later than April 1st 2021 can be considered. Interviews will take place in the week of April 19-23. For candidates living abroad interviews may be held through an online platform; depending on Dutch government measures for Covid19 the same may apply for candidates living in the Netherlands.
Vacaturenr.21-035Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functies, PhD-positiesOmvang (fte)1,0Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op2 februari 2021Sluitingsdatum1 april 2021
Vacaturenr.
21-035
Functie-categorie
Wetenschappelijke functies, PhD-posities
Omvang (fte)
1,0
Extern/intern
Extern
Locatie
Leiden
Geplaatst op
2 februari 2021
Sluitingsdatum
1 april 2021
Leiden University, The Faculty of Humanities, is looking for aPhD candidate on Economic thinking in the Socratic authors and AristotleProject descriptionWe are looking for an excellent, highly motivated, enterprising and enthusiastic PhD candidate to join the project team. The PhD candidate will analyze economic thinking in late-5th- and 4th-century philosophical circles. This is a period that witnessed the emergence of oikonomia-literature (e.g. Xenophon’s Oeconomicus, the now lost peri oikonomias texts by Antisthenes and Xenocrates, Aristotle’s Politics I). The thesis will study selected topics from this oikonomia-literature in the broader philosophical and systemic contexts in which they functioned: texts from the Socratic circle (Aeschines of Sphettus, Antisthenes, the pseudo-Platonica), Xenophon, Plato and Aristotle. How do these thinkers understand the phenomenon of “money”? How are phenomena such as “gain” and “acquisitiveness” evaluated? What are their views on labor, property, utility? But also, what kind of theories of human nature are presupposed by these economic ideas: how do dominant conceptions of human rationality, body-soul dualism or freedom feed into economic ideas? And what kind of knowledge is this economic knowledge? How do specific discursive practices (e.g. thought experiments, dialectics, utopian discourse) shape specific economic ideas?The thesis will consist of four or five case studies. Candidates are invited to submit a research proposal containing the design of one case study (title, research question, scholarly background, aims, method, corpus) around these questions. In their proposal, they should outline their suggested approach, main research question, and expected original contribution to the field.The Vidi-project “From Homo Economicus to Political Animal. Human self-understanding in ancient Greek economic reflection”The PhD candidate will be working on a subproject within the Vidi research project From Homo Economicus to Political Animal. Human Self-understanding in Ancient Greek Economic Reflection, funded by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, and directed by dr. T.A. (Tazuko) van Berkel (assistant professor in ancient Greek language and literature at Leiden University).From Homo Economicus to Political Animal is a research project that seeks to offer a revisionist account of the history of economic thinking in ancient Greece that explores the anthropologies (views on human nature) presupposed and produced by Greek economic texts, and the specific knowledge forms that shape these anthropologies. At the core of the project there are three fundamental questions:What are the central concepts, questions and principles that the ancient Greeks thought were “economic”, i.e. pertaining to the ways in which human beings interact with their natural and social environment for the provisioning of their livelihoods?Who or what is the ancient Greek equivalent of Economic Man: what kind of anthropologies are implied and propagated by ancient Greek economic reflection? How do particular anthropologies inform and shape key economic concepts?What kind of knowledge is “economic knowledge” in the ancient Greek world? What kind of discursive practices are producing, shaping and reproducing ancient economic thought?The project will consist of three components that each explore the intersections of these three questions, focusing on Classical philosophical texts (PhD), Hellenistic philosophical texts and utopian discourse (postdoc), and ancient Greek folk economics (PI; Tazuko van Berkel). For more information on the Vidi-project, see the project website.Key responsibilitiesCompletion of a PhD thesis within four years (1.0 FTE) or five years (0.8 FTE);Participation in meetings of the project research group(s) and events organized by the research group;Participation in knowledge utilization activities;Presentations of intermediate research results at workshops and conferences;Participation in the training programme of the local Leiden Graduate School, the LUCAS Institute and the National Research School in Classics (OIKOS);Participation in staff meeting of the Leiden Classics team and the intellectual life of the department and the LUCAS (PhD) community;Some teaching in the second and third years of the appointment, subject to progress and demand.Selection criteriaA RMA, MA or MPhil degree in Classics, held by time of appointment, with an MA thesis of high quality with a grade of at least 8.0 on a ten-point scale, or comparable assessment;Ability to finish the proposed PhD research within the allotted time;Well-developed research skills, including the ability to formulate relevant and creative research questions and hypotheses, descriptive and analytical skills, and a clear and persuasive style of writing;Excellent competence in ancient Greek and English, as well as reading competence in French, German and Italian;Interest in philosophy (both ancient and modern) and social sciences (e.g. economic theory, sociology of knowledge);Taste for interdisciplinary research;Independent thinker, team player.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is a unique international centre for the advanced study of languages, cultures, arts, and societies worldwide, in their historical contexts from prehistory to the present. Our faculty is home to more than 6,000 students and 800 staff members. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The Leiden University Centre for the Arts in Society (LUCAS) is one of the seven Research Institutes of the Faculty of Humanities. LUCAS is dedicated to ground-breaking research that explores the multifaceted relationships between the arts and society.Terms and conditionsPhD project, 4 years (1.0 FTE), starting date 1 September 2021 or sooner. Initially the employee will receive a one-year contract, with extension for the following 36 months on condition of a positive evaluation. A part-time (0.8 FTE) appointment is also possible; the full duration of the appointment will in that case be 5 years. Salary range from € 2,395.- to € 3,061.- gross per month for a fulltime appointment (pay scale P, in accordance with the Collective Labour Agreement for Dutch Universities).Leiden University offers an attractive benefits package with additional holiday (8%) and end-of-year bonuses (8.3 %), training and career development and sabbatical leave. Our individual choices model gives you some freedom to assemble your own set of terms and conditions. Candidates from outside the Netherlands may be eligible for a substantial tax break. For more information, see the website.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationMore information about this position and the Vidi-project may be obtained from Tazuko van Berkel, email t.a.van.berkel@hum.leidenuniv.nl. Information about the selection procedure and about LUCAS can be obtained via Mariska de Groot, email im-lucas@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationTo apply for this vacancy, please submit your application via our online system, by clicking on the blue button at the top of this page. Please ensure that you upload the following additional documents in a single PDF file (not zipped), quoting the vacancy number:Cover letter;CV, including contact information of two referees (no reference letters; N.B. please list these in your PDF rather than entering them into the system);Transcript of records;Research proposal of 1500 words for one case study (out of 4 or 5). This does not include the bibliography and (if appropriate) an appendix containing a list of sources (together max. two pages A4);Copy of relevant diploma.Only applications received no later than April 1st 2021 can be considered. Interviews will take place in the week of April 19-23. For candidates living abroad interviews may be held through an online platform; depending on Dutch government measures for Covid19 the same may apply for candidates living in the Netherlands.
What are the central concepts, questions and principles that the ancient Greeks thought were “economic”, i.e. pertaining to the ways in which human beings interact with their natural and social environment for the provisioning of their livelihoods?Who or what is the ancient Greek equivalent of Economic Man: what kind of anthropologies are implied and propagated by ancient Greek economic reflection? How do particular anthropologies inform and shape key economic concepts?What kind of knowledge is “economic knowledge” in the ancient Greek world? What kind of discursive practices are producing, shaping and reproducing ancient economic thought?",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_206600e3&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=3814909829,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_12d88b3d&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=3814909829,9d,9d,2021-03-12,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
2,author,Glassdoor,4005419298,Technical Author,Sowiso,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Education,"
Authors (Mathematics, Statistics or Physics)Content · Amsterdam, NHDepartment ContentEmployment Type Full time / Part timePlease note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Authors (Mathematics, Statistics or Physics)Content · Amsterdam, NHDepartment ContentEmployment Type Full time / Part time
Authors (Mathematics, Statistics or Physics)Content · Amsterdam, NH
Authors (Mathematics, Statistics or Physics)Content · Amsterdam, NH

Department ContentEmployment Type Full time / Part time
Department Content
Employment Type Full time / Part time
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.
Please note that as of February 18th these Authoring Job Openings have been fulfilled. The vacancy is still published. Feel free to apply if you think there's a perfect match, we will probably start another recruitment round later this year.SOWISO is looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of math, statistics or physics. Contract terms are negotiable, either free-lance, part-time or full-time.SOWISO is a digital publisher. We develop turn-key e-learning courses for STEM subjects, that are used in higher education institutions worldwide. To help us create these courses, we are always looking for (free-lance) authors in the field of mathematics, statistics and physics. We have authoring projects running in both higher-ed and secondary-ed.As an author, you are part of the team that commits to creating both innovative and pedagogical content. Therefore, we are looking for someone with know-how and a passion for education.No need to be available full-time. We will have a chat about your contract hours. Both full-time and part-time is possible. We can also allow partial remote work. Looking at your availability, multiple forms of compensation are possible.You will be working in a young team with diverse backgrounds. We expect you to be able to work independently. however, you will regularly work together with our other team of authors, and also with our commercial team.We publish our material in both English and Dutch, so as a minimum requirement, you should speak one of those languages.During our breaks, we often play Mario Kart (on the GameCube) as well as Squash (in real life) to sharpen the senses! We also organize weekly social or business-related activities.For this position, you need to…Have a background in math, statistics or physics.Know what LaTeX is and/or have worked with Computer Algebra Systems.Be abled to speak English.Have experience with education, experience with e-learning is preferred.You fit at SOWISO because…You care about educational innovation.You are a problem solver.You like to work both independently, but can work in teams when needed.Responses from employment agencies will not be answered.",Privébedrijf,5.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_015e6d75&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=4005419298,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017826183ceaa8e48ec0106c2883&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0b528cc6&cb=1615546826184&jobListingId=4005419298,22d,22d,2021-03-12,en,No,Yes,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
