,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Industry,Sector,Job Description,Type of ownership,Rating,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age,Age_Num
0,serving,Glassdoor,3751367567,International Manager Payroll and Support,Action,Zwaagdijk-Oost,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_989a551f&cb=1620063601449&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a0c645a9&cb=1620063601449&jobListingId=3751367567,21d,21d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
1,serving,Glassdoor,4065193384,International Manager Payroll and Support,Athora,Amstelveen,Verzekeraars,Verzekeringswezen,"As risk manager you have between 3 and 10 years experience with financial risk management and are interested in the ERM activities underneath. In your role you will work on different ERM activities over time, depending your personal interests as well as the team priorities. In this function you will report directly to the director Risk.About the ERM team:The ERM team consists of 5 FTE and are part of the Athora NL risk management function. This team focusses on ERM activities, in particular the:Management and set-up of the risk policy frameworkSetting of the risk appetite statements and limitsMonitoring and reporting of the risk profile (ERM reporting)Own risk and solvency assessment (ORSA)Assessment of emerging risk, including relevant (regulatory) developments2nd line of defense of capital management & hedgingSet-up of strategic/business risk and sustainability riskCoordination of resolution planningERM team as part of the CRO domain:As part of the CRO domain, the ERM team should enable the creation and implementation of an effective Risk strategy, driven by the Athora Netherlands strategy. The CRO organization seeks to further evolve into an appropriately independent function, serving as a value adding advisor to the organization. The purpose of the CRO Athora NL domain is:“We enable Athora NL to be ‘In Control’ by building up and over the current Risk Activities through strong positioning of Key Functions and Key Roles!”VereistenRequired soft competencies:Anticipate and balance the needs of multiple stakeholdersBe action orientedHave an overarching (strategic) focusOpen to change and initiate innovationRelate openly and comfortably with diverse groups of peopleHave good sense of humorRequired hard competencies:University degreeProven experience in financial/quantitative risk management within financial institutionsApprox. 3 to 10 years experienceWhat we offerDynamic and competitive working conditions;A good salary;Plenty of space for personal development, including a personal training budget;An informal organization with a good work-life balance.Interested?If you recognize yourself in the description and the challenge send us your cv today.For questions please contact Diederick Kavelaars, Talent Acquisition, +31 683 632 417.Athora is committed to diversity and being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more Diversiteit en inclusie (athora.nl)
As risk manager you have between 3 and 10 years experience with financial risk management and are interested in the ERM activities underneath. In your role you will work on different ERM activities over time, depending your personal interests as well as the team priorities. In this function you will report directly to the director Risk.About the ERM team:The ERM team consists of 5 FTE and are part of the Athora NL risk management function. This team focusses on ERM activities, in particular the:Management and set-up of the risk policy frameworkSetting of the risk appetite statements and limitsMonitoring and reporting of the risk profile (ERM reporting)Own risk and solvency assessment (ORSA)Assessment of emerging risk, including relevant (regulatory) developments2nd line of defense of capital management & hedgingSet-up of strategic/business risk and sustainability riskCoordination of resolution planningERM team as part of the CRO domain:As part of the CRO domain, the ERM team should enable the creation and implementation of an effective Risk strategy, driven by the Athora Netherlands strategy. The CRO organization seeks to further evolve into an appropriately independent function, serving as a value adding advisor to the organization. The purpose of the CRO Athora NL domain is:“We enable Athora NL to be ‘In Control’ by building up and over the current Risk Activities through strong positioning of Key Functions and Key Roles!”
Required soft competencies:Anticipate and balance the needs of multiple stakeholdersBe action orientedHave an overarching (strategic) focusOpen to change and initiate innovationRelate openly and comfortably with diverse groups of peopleHave good sense of humorRequired hard competencies:University degreeProven experience in financial/quantitative risk management within financial institutionsApprox. 3 to 10 years experienceWhat we offerDynamic and competitive working conditions;A good salary;Plenty of space for personal development, including a personal training budget;An informal organization with a good work-life balance.Interested?If you recognize yourself in the description and the challenge send us your cv today.For questions please contact Diederick Kavelaars, Talent Acquisition, +31 683 632 417.Athora is committed to diversity and being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more Diversiteit en inclusie (athora.nl)
",Privébedrijf,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_7c120afa&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4065193384,13d,13d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
2,serving,Glassdoor,4021025961,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"Become a leader in finance, risk or compliance in the financial services sector! Financial institutions are currently facing major challenges with regard to their ability to meet new regulatory standards and effectively manage their risks and finances in a sustainable, future-proof way. Not to mention the pressure that financial service providers are facing as disruptors have entered these markets, forcing organizations to assess their digital capabilities, technological efficiencies, data analytics and overall revolutionize the way they work. This graduate internship will provide you with an opportunity to dig deep into these ‘hot topics’ and learn about the financial services industry as a whole.Your jobYour research will focus on topics related to finance, risk or compliance for financial services providers such as banks and insurers. During your internship, you will research different methods of finance, risk or compliance management used in organizations. For example, how certain banks are using artificial intelligence in their ‘ Know Your Customer’ (KYC) operations, how the insurance business is prepared to meet changing regulatory demands, or how banks are planning to mitigate Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks as the pressure to do so increases. You will use your insights to develop new ideas for financial services providers with regard to your chosen topic. Together, we will develop a research question that suits you, the financial services provider and your university.Next to the master thesis, Accenture offers you the possibility to develop your professional skills. Graduating at Accenture is more than just getting your degree. For instance, we stimulate our interns to engage in extra activities such as writing articles, organizing deep dive or round table events, and networking by meeting with and presenting results to experts in a variety of field. We furthermore encourage all graduate interns to engage with different parts of the organization to get a grasp of Accenture and the work we do. At Accenture, the sky is the limit.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.To be specific - you will be part of the Finance, Risk and Compliance team. This a team dedicated to serving clients from the Financial Services sector. Within the broader Accenture organization, Finance, Risk and Compliance is part of the functional group of CFO & Enterprise Value (EV). CFO & EV is a global group of finance experts providing strategy and consulting services to CFOs of all kinds of organizations. Although Finance, Risk and Compliance is specialized in the financial industry, CFO & EV tackles relevant topics cross industry, such as digital finance, zero-based finance and financial planning.
Your backgroundYou are a Master student in the final year of your graduation from a Dutch university with a relevant specialization in areas such as Business Administration, Finance, Law, Economics, Econometrics, (Business) Information Technology, Industrial/Financial engineering, or Sustainability Studies.You are a team player with excellent communication skills;You are fluent in Dutch and English;You work independently and have a hands-on mentality, you are creative and take responsibility, and you have a strong intrinsic motivation to take ownership over your work.Our OfferWithin Accenture we offer you a work environment* with a focus on your personal development, in which you will get a lot of responsibility. You work together with talented colleagues from all over the world on challenging projects for the highest ranked international businesses.You will be guided by a team of experienced consultants;You will receive a compensation and a laptop;You will gain knowledge and expertise of Accenture;You will gain experience within a large international consulting firm;You will expand your professional network.The graduation internship will be 5 or 6 months, full-time. The location is the Amsterdam Office. We'd like to start the internship as soon as possible!due to the current covid-19 situation, we will shape your internship according to Accenture policies in line with the guidelines of the RIVM and the Dutch governmentInterested?Are your ready to join Accenture Strategy & Consulting as a Graduate Intern in the field of digital transformation, technology and innovation? Apply now via the apply button below and upload your CV and motivational letter.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_4a5e4864&cb=1620063601451&jobListingId=4021025961,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8b4cc0fa&cb=1620063601451&jobListingId=4021025961,4d,4d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
3,serving,Glassdoor,3689448556,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As the SAL you will be part of the Products security group which works with leading clients in the Dutch Consumer Goods and Services (CG&S), Retail, Industrial, Life Sciences and Travel sectors. Via this group Accenture brings industry specific knowledge to Security and helps clients implement and run fit-for-purpose security solutions.Your jobAs a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Products security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s clients and act as the face of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client solve their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings:Cloud Security and DevSecOps;Digital Identity;OT SecurityInternet of Things (IoT) Security;Security Monitoring, Analytics and Automated Response;Application Security;From giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a technical related degree;4-8 years of work experience in SecurityExperience with Consumer Goods and Services (CG&S), Retail, Industrial, Life Sciences and/or Travel sectors.Project- or consultancy experience.Commercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problems;Fluent in English and Dutch is a must;Our offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_74af7c25&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=3689448556,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_640e61c4&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=3689448556,26d,26d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
4,serving,Glassdoor,4078017672,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your job
In your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your working environment
Markets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
Your profile
You have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
What we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
What we offer
The success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Interested?
We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0ed2d574&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=4078017672,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_65a911be&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=4078017672,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
5,serving,Glassdoor,4078047993,International Manager Payroll and Support,Walters People,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"For my leading client, an international client within the financial industry in Amsterdam, I am looking for a Accounts Receivalble Accountant for the nordic market. Do you speak one of the nordic languages you and do you have experience within Accounts Receivabel? like to work independently and would you like to keep contact with internation customers? Please apply if you are interested in the vacancy.We are looking for an experienced, motivated, extremely accurate and self-driven colleague to join our Accounts Receivable team. As AR Accountant you will be part of the Finance Operations team located in Amsterdam. You will be responsible for a variety of Accounts Receivable duties such as customer invoicing, payments processing and credit collections. You are a main point of contact for our customers in terms of their invoices and work very closely with our sales team to ensure on time customer billings & cash collections.Responsibilities:Processes daily accounts receivable by monitoring and collecting overdue debtors; actions on significant risk issues and minimizes DSO (Days Sales Outstanding);Maintains customer interaction and collection notes in the ERP system;Acts as business partners with sales team and stays engaged with the business in best serving the customer;Escalates issues promptly (dispute management);Identifies and highlights credit notes and write-off concerns;Analyzes data and identifies trends;Provides reporting when needed;Creates and maintains customer master data & product families;Processes sales orders and creates customer invoices;Processes incoming bank statements (direct debit reconciliation);Performs Month end closing activities & reconciliations;Assists in internal and external financial audits, ensuring compliance with internal controls, procedures and policies.ProfileMinimum of 3 years' experience in credit collections and/or accounts receivableHands-on experience with a world-class ERP system-MS Dynamics a plusEducation and KnowledgeGood understanding of Order-to-Cash processFluent in one the nordic languages, excellent English skills (written and spoken)High level of proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, especially ExcelProfile and SkillsEye for detail and accuracy are imperative;Excellent communication skills and understanding the importance of keeping all necessary parties informed;Excellent organizational skills and follow through;Displays initiative, highly proactive;Adaptable and shows flexibility;Strong negotiation and problem solving skills;Assertive and persistent with sense of urgency;Persuasive and able to influence stakeholders at all levels;Listens to feedback and learns from mistakes;Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to work independently and as part of a team;Highly analytical;Ability to identify risks;Target orientated.Offer12 month contractMake use of our training program via Walters People AcademyWorking from home possibilitieSlary 3000,- /3700,- per month32/40 hours a weekGowth potential",Particuliere praktijk/firma,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_5deadeb2&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4078047993,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
6,serving,Glassdoor,4073494169,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Financiële sector,"Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-timeApply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-timeApply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-time
Amsterdam /Operations /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Operations /
Full-time
Apply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveFintechAmsterdam 
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector. 
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage. 
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity. 
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clientsA strong communicator, both written and verballyProactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressureFast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriatelyDiligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveFintechAmsterdam 
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector. 
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage. 
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity. 
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clientsA strong communicator, both written and verballyProactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressureFast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriatelyDiligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Client Services Executive
Fintech
Amsterdam
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector.
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage.
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity.
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clients
A strong communicator, both written and verbally
Proactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressure
Fast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriately
Diligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d9411eb0&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4073494169,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0b0f326d&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4073494169,5d,5d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
7,serving,Glassdoor,4035880539,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Financial Services security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s Banking clients and act as the representative of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client address their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.Your jobAs the SAL you will be part of the Financial Services security group which works with leading clients in Banking, Insurance and Capital Markets. Clients in these sectors are focusing on big topics that change their business, such as: constant cost reductions, ongoing digitalization, move to cloud and strict regulations around AML, KYC and Open Banking/PSD2. Accenture’s Financial Services Security group brings industry knowledge to Security and helps clients define, implement and run fitting security solutions and secure business and IT solutions.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings, e.g.:Security Strategy, Risk & ArchitectureIntegrated Risk Management/GRCCloud Security & DevSecOpsDigital IdentityApplication & Data SecurityCyber Threat IntelligenceCyber Investigation, Forensics & ResponseManaged Security ServicesFrom giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a Security or technical degree5 - 10 years of work experience in SecurityExperience in and a network throughout organizations in Financial Services, preferably BankingProject management and/or consultancy experienceCommercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problemsFluent in English is a must, fluent in Dutch is highly preferredOur offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_bd51c16e&cb=1620063601454&jobListingId=4035880539,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_12223b88&cb=1620063601454&jobListingId=4035880539,18d,18d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
8,serving,Glassdoor,4068405263,International Manager Payroll and Support,philips,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Gezondheidszorg,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances, which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for a passionate, pro-active and delivery-focused packaging project manager to join us.You are responsible forAs packaging project manager Domestic Appliances, you are responsible for the end to end project management of packaging and basic asset creation linked to delivery of new propositions to market.Your main responsibilities include:Clarifying and aligning project goals, specify quality standards and get stakeholder buy-in.Manage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesBudget management and reporting on monthly, quarterly and on project basis, ensuring the spend is according to forecast and in line with expectations of the business.Stakeholder management across business and marketing teams - identifying and leveraging the right kind of expertise for best in class packaging -this includes alignment with legal department for compliance.Manage and coordinate suppliers involved in the projectsWorking in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and tools.Maintain a fluid channel of communication with your stakeholdersYou are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to Domestic Appliance PMO-Operations lead.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experienceBe able to handle multiple projects for multiple businesses in parallelProject management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve delivery processes and eager to learn more about better ways of building teams and products. You do this in structured and methodical ways.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.It's a bonus if you have packaging and asset creation project management experience.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6bb4ba0f&cb=1620063601455&jobListingId=4068405263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_88a64448&cb=1620063601455&jobListingId=4068405263,11d,11d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
9,serving,Glassdoor,4017633696,International Manager Payroll and Support,StarApple,Leiden,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"Our company & our cultureWe belong to one of the five major (global) leaders in the field of market research. With over75 + years of experience, presence in over 100 countries worldwide and a large technology department we are able to create an exciting and educational environment for all our employees. Our culture is diverse and highly collaborative. Our data scientists, creative design heads, software engineers and Product Owners all work together in teams to develop advanced and fully integrated solutions. We promote diversity: this is more than a mix of gender, culture, ethnicity and language for us. It is the inclusion of different ways of thinking, experiences, expertise and backgrounds on all business and organizational levels. We believe in a healthy balance between work and private life: we work remotely, agile environments, break outruimtes, social events and sporting activities and great colleagues! We also find personal and professional development is very important, so we offer everyone in our company the opportunity to develop themselves through local, regional and global programs.Our team and the challengeYou can as Lead Developer part of our Technology and Data Division, where innovationis our oxygen and technology is our artery. Our department is multicultural, very talented andacross all major cities in Europe. We are skillful and our focus on continuous improvementof our processes and methods and especially ourselves. We embrace change; We put our ego asideand take advice from others. We encourage concerned, open mindset within a non-hierarchical structure. We analyze, create, innovate and improve.The team in the Netherlands is an important link in this branch. There is daily from our officeworking on products that are used worldwide. Given the international factor in our companyand this team, the language is English. However, understanding of the Dutch language is a big plus, because we have a shortage there now.Your team consists of six people, including five experienced (medior to senior) software engineersand one QA Engineer. This team is a team of long-serving colleagues and the proceeds is minimal.Together we work in two sub teams (each with its own focus) to the product in our company.RequirementsMinimum Bachelor’s degree Informatics achievedMinimum 5 years experience als.NET Developer / Lead DeveloperGood knowledge and experience, including C #, MVC, .NET framework Azure (advantage)Knowledge and experience of SQL Server, design, implement, manage, and creating complex environmentsKnowledge of project approach, design methodologies and design PatternsExperience with Scrum and AgileSupply€ 4.500, – and € 6.000, – gross obv 40 hours40-hour Workweek, but less is negotiable8% holiday26 daystravel allowancePensionQuick view on permanent contractBonus schemeTraining and development opportunitiesMobility AllowanceIf this appeals to you at all? Please contact me using the information below.Phone: +316 28193055Mail: rik@starapple.nl",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_37a91113&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4017633696,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f343d2e3&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4017633696,7d,7d,2021-05-03,en,Yes,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
10,serving,Glassdoor,4035880498,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Financial Services security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s Insurance clients and act as the representative of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client address their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.Your jobAs the SAL you will be part of the Financial Services security group which works with leading clients in Insurance, Banking and Capital Markets. Clients in these sectors are focusing on big topics that change their business, such as: constant cost reductions, ongoing digitalization, move to cloud and strict privacy and fraud regulations. Accenture’s Financial Services Security group brings industry knowledge to Security and helps clients define, implement and run fitting security solutions and secure business and IT solutions.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings, e.g.:Security Strategy, Risk & ArchitectureIntegrated Risk Management/GRCCloud Security & DevSecOpsDigital IdentityApplication & Data SecurityCyber Threat IntelligenceCyber Investigation, Forensics & ResponseManaged Security ServicesFrom giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a Security or technical degree5 - 10 years of work experience in SecurityExperience in and a network throughout organizations in Financial Services, preferably InsuranceProject management and/or consultancy experienceCommercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problemsFluent in English is a must, fluent in Dutch is highly preferredOur offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9f1f0415&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4035880498,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9172655c&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4035880498,18d,18d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
11,serving,Glassdoor,4061271254,International Manager Payroll and Support,Walters People,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"For my leading client, an international client within the financial industry in Amsterdam, I am looking for a Accounts Receivalble Accountant for the Danish market. Do you speak fluent Danish you have experience within Accounts Receivabel, like to work independently and would you like to keep contact with internation customers? Please apply if you are interested in the vacancy.We are looking for an experienced, motivated, extremely accurate and self-driven colleague to join our Accounts Receivable team. As AR Accountant you will be part of the Finance Operations team located in Amsterdam. You will be responsible for a variety of Accounts Receivable duties such as customer invoicing, payments processing and credit collections. You are a main point of contact for our customers in terms of their invoices and work very closely with our sales team to ensure on time customer billings & cash collections.Responsibilities:Processes daily accounts receivable by monitoring and collecting overdue debtors; actions on significant risk issues and minimizes DSO (Days Sales Outstanding);Maintains customer interaction and collection notes in the ERP system;Acts as business partners with sales team and stays engaged with the business in best serving the customer;Escalates issues promptly (dispute management);Identifies and highlights credit notes and write-off concerns;Analyzes data and identifies trends;Provides reporting when needed;Creates and maintains customer master data & product families;Processes sales orders and creates customer invoices;Processes incoming bank statements (direct debit reconciliation);Performs Month end closing activities & reconciliations;Assists in internal and external financial audits, ensuring compliance with internal controls, procedures and policies.ProfileMinimum of 3 years' experience in credit collections and/or accounts receivableHands-on experience with a world-class ERP system-MS Dynamics a plusEducation and KnowledgeGood understanding of Order-to-Cash processFluent in Danish, excellent English skills (written and spoken)High level of proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, especially ExcelProfile and SkillsEye for detail and accuracy are imperative;Excellent communication skills and understanding the importance of keeping all necessary parties informed;Excellent organizational skills and follow through;Displays initiative, highly proactive;Adaptable and shows flexibility;Strong negotiation and problem solving skills;Assertive and persistent with sense of urgency;Persuasive and able to influence stakeholders at all levels;Listens to feedback and learns from mistakes;Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to work independently and as part of a team;Highly analytical;Ability to identify risks;Target orientated.Offer12 month contractMake use of our training program via Walters People AcademyWorking from home possibilitieSlary 3000,- /3700,- per month32/40 hours a weekGowth potential",Particuliere praktijk/firma,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_715349a5&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4061271254,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
12,serving,Glassdoor,4068396369,International Manager Payroll and Support,philips,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Gezondheidszorg,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances (DA), which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for an enthusiastic, pro-active, and delivery-focused program manager to join us for 5 months.You are responsible forAs Program Manager Domestic Appliances, you manage and coordinate the execution of DA program activities to realize the respective commitments and Design objectives.You work closely with the Head of Design, Design business partner, designers and stakeholders outside the organization and you will direct and coach the global PMO-Operations team.Your main responsibilities include:Project managing Design DA cutover activitiesCommunication towards stakeholders and the DA Design teamProgram manage the Garment Care category, working in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and toolsetQuick response to issues that may arise and pro-active problem solvingSecure transparency and predictability on the progress and outcome of the programClarify and align project goals, specify quality standards, get stakeholder buy-inManage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesDirect and coach the global PMO-Operations team (7 FTE).You are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to head of Design Domestic Appliances.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:Project management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve processes and simplify ways of working.Problem Solving. You are a natural problem solver, resourceful and positive to any given challenge.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.Positive and role modeling. You bring a positive and enthusiastic spirit to everything you do. You are eager to contribute to our company's mission to improve people's live through meaningful innovation, and role model our behaviors: customers first, quality and integrity always, team up to win, take ownership to deliver fast, and eager to improve and inspire.Previous experience working at Philips Design and financial experience is seen as an advantage.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d91b8ae2&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068396369,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_50c08c6c&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068396369,11d,11d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
13,serving,Glassdoor,4036530977,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c3b65737&cb=1620067419412&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_251f01ad&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4036530977,17d,17d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
14,serving,Glassdoor,4068723319,International Manager Payroll and Support,Yacht,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"BedrijfsomschrijvingBackground: Philips Domestic AppliancesPhilips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the companys future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the companys successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to make their mark and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.FunctieomschrijvingIn this role, you have the opportunity toJoin the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances (DA), which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.You are responsible forAs Program Manager Domestic Appliances, you manage and coordinate the execution of DA program activities to realize the respective commitments and Design objectives.You work closely with the Head of Design, Design business partner, designers and stakeholders outside the organization and you will direct and coach the global PMO-Operations team.Your main responsibilities include:Project managing Design DA cutover activitiesCommunication towards stakeholders and the DA Design teamProgram manage the Garment Care category, working in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and toolsetQuick response to issues that may arise and pro-active problem solvingSecure transparency and predictability on the progress and outcome of the programClarify and align project goals, specify quality standards, get stakeholder buy-inManage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesDirect and coach the global PMO-Operations team (7 FTE).You are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. Youll report to head of Design Domestic Appliances.Functie-eisenTo succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:Project management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve processes and simplify ways of working.Problem Solving. You are a natural problem solver, resourceful and positive to any given challenge.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.Positive and role modeling. You bring a positive and enthusiastic spirit to everything you do. You are eager to contribute to our company's mission to improve peoples live through meaningful innovation, and role model our behaviors: customers first, quality and integrity always, team up to win, take ownership to deliver fast, and eager to improve and inspire.Previous experience working at Philips Design and financial experience is seen as an advantage.ArbeidsvoorwaardenIf you want to apply, please share the following information:CV in EnglishMotivation in EnglishAvailability + Holiday PlanningContactgegevensPatrick JamesEmail: patrick.james@yacht.nl",Dochteronderneming of bedrijfssegment,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8c07558d&cb=1620067419417&jobListingId=4068723319,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_86cf8a23&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068723319,10d,10d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
15,serving,Glassdoor,4059894719,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Financiële sector,"Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Sales /
Full-time
Apply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsFintechBased AmsterdamCompetitive salary
 Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth. 
The Role 
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region. 
As a Senior Sales Executive you will: 
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge. Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results 


About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic. 


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsFintechBased AmsterdamCompetitive salary
 Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth. 
The Role 
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region. 
As a Senior Sales Executive you will: 
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge.
Senior Sales Executive - Nordics
Fintech
Based Amsterdam
Competitive salary
Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world.
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth.
The Role
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region.
As a Senior Sales Executive you will:
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.
You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)
Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.
Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge.
Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results
Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results
About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic.
About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=988904&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9077a305&cb=1620067419419&jobListingId=4059894719,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_1e616bdd&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4059894719,20d,20d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
16,serving,Glassdoor,4044511477,International Manager Payroll and Support,Hays,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Adoption Specialist | Microsoft 365 | Power Platform | Power Apps | Power Automate | Amsterdam | 1041703 |Your new roleAs Adoption Specialist you will play a key role in ensuring Microsoft 365 technologies are adopted by educating users and help them unlock all the (un)limited capabilities via Power Platform. You report directly to the Collaboration Manager and will be part of an energetic team around the world.Tasks and responsibilitiesEvangelising Microsoft 365 capabilitiesDriving adoption and increasing everyone’s literacy around Microsoft 365 throughout the businessAnalyze data, build solutions, automate processes around the businessDesigning and deliver training in multiple forms (self-assistance documentation, video training, in-person training, knowledge articles, etc.) for all employees in your assigned area on collaboration technologiesManaging multiple projects through to completion simultaneously with minimal guidanceEstablishing and maintaining good working relationships with internal customers, partners and team membersProviding outstanding customer experiences to internal customers at all touchpointsSolution Design and DevelopmentAdvising internal customers on solution design best practices and serve as the go-to-person for collaboration technologies guidanceServing as the initial point of contact for all solution requests from your assigned area.Gather and help define requirementsDetermine whether the requested solution would be best suited as a front-end configuration or needs to be escalated to a formal customisation project- Work with the internal customer to explore the use of out of the box technologies to solve their business needs - Ensure complex solution requests are initiated into the project pipeline and serve as SME through the life of the projectDesigning and building simple solutions to solve business needs using out of the box capabilitiesService and SupportBecoming the go-to-person for internal customer questions, inquiries and challengesDetermining when an issue should be escalated through incident response teamsServing as the liaison between the business and IT issues resolution teams as needed to ensure issues are resolvedWhat you'll need to succeedYou are an expert on the Microsoft Power Platform, especially Power Apps and Power Automate. You are an expert in communication, workflow and collaboration tools and Enterprise social networking tools Excellent knowledge of SharePoint 2013 and Office 365 and an understanding of common SharePoint and Office 365 development practices and languages. Strong analytical and communication skills with intense drive to learn and adopt. Working knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle, Agile project management and ITIL service management awareness or certification. Advanced communication (verbal and written) and customer service skills and able to work effectively with minimal supervision. Future focussed approach to collaboration technology and a passion for discovering new ways of workingYour new companyOur client is a pioneer in the world of consumer technology and growing fast. They have a problem-solving approach to everything they do.The organization’s Digital Workplace Services Team in which this role is aligned exist to:Deliver world class Service Desk, End User Computing, Collaboration, Legal, Payroll, organisation Institute and HR IT Services to the organisation’s 15000+ global employees.Ensure ITIL aligned governance and standards are followedDrive continual improvement into the Digital Workplace services space in line with their growth.- Deliver a roadmap for all Digital Work place services to drive transformation required to support their blueprint. - Establish and maintain strong relationships with the business, ensuring regular communication of service requirements, service improvements, risks, service changes, service outages and service issues.What you'll get in returnBesides the salary they offer a bonus, discount on their products, company pension and life insurance plan, 29 days annual holiday, fitness plan and an employee assistant programme.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #1041703
Your new roleAs Adoption Specialist you will play a key role in ensuring Microsoft 365 technologies are adopted by educating users and help them unlock all the (un)limited capabilities via Power Platform. You report directly to the Collaboration Manager and will be part of an energetic team around the world.Tasks and responsibilitiesEvangelising Microsoft 365 capabilitiesDriving adoption and increasing everyone’s literacy around Microsoft 365 throughout the businessAnalyze data, build solutions, automate processes around the businessDesigning and deliver training in multiple forms (self-assistance documentation, video training, in-person training, knowledge articles, etc.) for all employees in your assigned area on collaboration technologiesManaging multiple projects through to completion simultaneously with minimal guidanceEstablishing and maintaining good working relationships with internal customers, partners and team membersProviding outstanding customer experiences to internal customers at all touchpointsSolution Design and DevelopmentAdvising internal customers on solution design best practices and serve as the go-to-person for collaboration technologies guidanceServing as the initial point of contact for all solution requests from your assigned area.Gather and help define requirementsDetermine whether the requested solution would be best suited as a front-end configuration or needs to be escalated to a formal customisation project- Work with the internal customer to explore the use of out of the box technologies to solve their business needs - Ensure complex solution requests are initiated into the project pipeline and serve as SME through the life of the projectDesigning and building simple solutions to solve business needs using out of the box capabilitiesService and SupportBecoming the go-to-person for internal customer questions, inquiries and challengesDetermining when an issue should be escalated through incident response teamsServing as the liaison between the business and IT issues resolution teams as needed to ensure issues are resolvedWhat you'll need to succeedYou are an expert on the Microsoft Power Platform, especially Power Apps and Power Automate. You are an expert in communication, workflow and collaboration tools and Enterprise social networking tools Excellent knowledge of SharePoint 2013 and Office 365 and an understanding of common SharePoint and Office 365 development practices and languages. Strong analytical and communication skills with intense drive to learn and adopt. Working knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle, Agile project management and ITIL service management awareness or certification. Advanced communication (verbal and written) and customer service skills and able to work effectively with minimal supervision. Future focussed approach to collaboration technology and a passion for discovering new ways of workingYour new companyOur client is a pioneer in the world of consumer technology and growing fast. They have a problem-solving approach to everything they do.The organization’s Digital Workplace Services Team in which this role is aligned exist to:Deliver world class Service Desk, End User Computing, Collaboration, Legal, Payroll, organisation Institute and HR IT Services to the organisation’s 15000+ global employees.Ensure ITIL aligned governance and standards are followedDrive continual improvement into the Digital Workplace services space in line with their growth.- Deliver a roadmap for all Digital Work place services to drive transformation required to support their blueprint. - Establish and maintain strong relationships with the business, ensuring regular communication of service requirements, service improvements, risks, service changes, service outages and service issues.What you'll get in returnBesides the salary they offer a bonus, discount on their products, company pension and life insurance plan, 29 days annual holiday, fitness plan and an employee assistant programme.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #1041703",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_2922e8bc&cb=1620067419421&jobListingId=4044511477,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e19a345e&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4044511477,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
17,serving,Glassdoor,4070159634,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f165120d&cb=1620067419419&jobListingId=4070159634,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_30e32a24&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4070159634,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
18,serving,Glassdoor,3741873987,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Utrecht,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As part of our Cloud service line, you will lead IT innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and you will continuously experience and learn. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges.Your jobThe Cloud Practice includes our deepest Google Cloud experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,000+ practitioners skilled in Google Cloud technologies across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented Cloud practitioners. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex Cloud projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture Google Cloud Business Group (AGBG). Choosing Accenture and the Cloud Practice will take your Google Cloud experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.Learn more about our AGBG and Google Cloud at Accenture here:https://www.accenture.com/us-en/service-accenture-google-business-groupInteract with management levels at a client and/or within AccentureHelping Clients to turn their strategy into reality for the next generation of cloud-based applications running on Google Cloud, enabling the transition from traditional platforms to Liquid cloud architectures;Integrate a common strategy for cloud, security and DevOps;Creating business cases for technology and organizational transformation to enable migration to or utilization of Google Cloud and hybrid cloud;Developing solution architecture, implementation plans and estimates;Designing, assessing, prototyping, recommending and delivering enterprise-wide dynamically scalable, highly available, fault tolerant, secure and reliable applications and solutions on full-stack Google Cloud technologies, leveraging its rich native services offering, to respond to clients’ needs for cost-efficiency, increased competition, and agility to respond to new business opportunities;Serving as Google Cloud evangelist, educating customers and our own organization of all sizes on the value proposition of Google Cloud.This role is part of our Accenture CloudFirst practice. We know cloud technology is the first stop on the digital transformation highway. And we know that a digitally transformed business is a business that achieves greater value, and can scale, operate at speed, outmaneuver competition and external threats, and succeed. We are putting everything into cloud: our deep expertise, massive cloud resources, 70,000 cloud professionals and a $3 billion investment over three years to help our clients reimagine every aspect of their business—industry, function, data, culture, talent, applications, infrastructure and edge—to become “cloud first” now.Your teamAccenture Technology leverages design thinking, industry insights and the latest digital methodologies to help clients innovate, grow and improve their businesses. Our expertise, capabilities and experience mean that our clients (including some of the biggest brands in the world) trust us to find the right solutions for their needs.Together with our talented international colleagues, we focus on connecting the needs of businesses with the new possibilities that come with technological progress. Because that's where the real challenges are: inventing and testing things that have never been tried before, getting new applications ready for roll-out, and ultimately guiding clients to select and implement the right technologies to transform their businesses.
As part of our Cloud service line, you will lead IT innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and you will continuously experience and learn. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges.

Your job

The Cloud Practice includes our deepest Google Cloud experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,000+ practitioners skilled in Google Cloud technologies across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented Cloud practitioners. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex Cloud projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture Google Cloud Business Group (AGBG). Choosing Accenture and the Cloud Practice will take your Google Cloud experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.Learn more about our AGBG and Google Cloud at Accenture here:https://www.accenture.com/us-en/service-accenture-google-business-group

This role is part of our Accenture CloudFirst practice. We know cloud technology is the first stop on the digital transformation highway. And we know that a digitally transformed business is a business that achieves greater value, and can scale, operate at speed, outmaneuver competition and external threats, and succeed. We are putting everything into cloud: our deep expertise, massive cloud resources, 70,000 cloud professionals and a $3 billion investment over three years to help our clients reimagine every aspect of their business—industry, function, data, culture, talent, applications, infrastructure and edge—to become “cloud first” now.

Your team

Accenture Technology leverages design thinking, industry insights and the latest digital methodologies to help clients innovate, grow and improve their businesses. Our expertise, capabilities and experience mean that our clients (including some of the biggest brands in the world) trust us to find the right solutions for their needs.

Together with our talented international colleagues, we focus on connecting the needs of businesses with the new possibilities that come with technological progress. Because that's where the real challenges are: inventing and testing things that have never been tried before, getting new applications ready for roll-out, and ultimately guiding clients to select and implement the right technologies to transform their businesses.
Your backgroundExperience with Cloud vendors such as Google, AWS or Azure. ..Hands-on Cloud (e.g. Google Cloud or comparable Cloud vendor) experienceExperience with at least Linux and scripted languages.Experience with core Google Cloud architecture, including areas such as:Organizations, Identity & Account Management (IAM), VPC,Resilient and scalable architectures and solutionsKnowledge of DevOps technologies around Continuous Integration & DeliveryCloud Deployment Manager and third-party automation approach/strategyNetwork connectivity, Load Balancing, Cloud Interconnect and VPNProfessional Skill Requirements:Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environmentProven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environmentDesire to work in an information systems environmentExcellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skillsExcellent leadership and management skillsOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp, dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com
Your background
Experience with Cloud vendors such as Google, AWS or Azure. ..Hands-on Cloud (e.g. Google Cloud or comparable Cloud vendor) experienceExperience with at least Linux and scripted languages.Experience with core Google Cloud architecture, including areas such as:Organizations, Identity & Account Management (IAM), VPC,Resilient and scalable architectures and solutionsKnowledge of DevOps technologies around Continuous Integration & DeliveryCloud Deployment Manager and third-party automation approach/strategyNetwork connectivity, Load Balancing, Cloud Interconnect and VPN
Professional Skill Requirements:

Our offer

Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp, dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9e7bc2c7&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=3741873987,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_21e0ef48&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=3741873987,3d,3d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
19,serving,Glassdoor,4060850402,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Financiële sector,"Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Sales /
Full-time
Apply for this job
New Business Developer - Mandarin SpeakingFintechAmsterdamCompetitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals. Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer 
Competitive salary and packageThanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice. Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets. 
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy. 
The Role 
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate LeadsDevelop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value PropositionResearch the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunitiesManage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade. 
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment. 


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
New Business Developer - Mandarin SpeakingFintechAmsterdamCompetitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals. Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer 
Competitive salary and packageThanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice. Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets. 
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy. 
The Role 
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate LeadsDevelop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value PropositionResearch the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunitiesManage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade. 
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
New Business Developer - Mandarin Speaking
Fintech
Amsterdam
Competitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world.
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals.
Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer
Competitive salary and package
Thanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.
Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice.
Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.
Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets.
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.
Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy.
The Role
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate Leads
Develop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value Proposition
Research the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunities
Manage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade.
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_71ad89fc&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4060850402,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_93601ad1&cb=1620063601483&jobListingId=4060850402,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
20,serving,Glassdoor,4052471279,International Manager Payroll and Support,Sonder,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_04647597&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4070159659,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_4d8977be&cb=1620063601482&jobListingId=4052471279,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
21,serving,Glassdoor,4029042383,International Manager Payroll and Support,Elsevier,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_75f27426&cb=1620070506112&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=990337&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9959d889&cb=1620067419417&jobListingId=4029042383,25d,25d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
22,serving,Glassdoor,4070159659,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b2205686&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4070159659,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c39440b3&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4070159659,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
23,serving,Glassdoor,4050317477,International Manager Payroll and Support,DFO Global Performance Commerce Limited,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Gezondheidszorg,"Job TitleGarment Care Core and New Business Consumer Marketing ManagerJob DescriptionIn this role, you have the opportunity toactively shape the portfolio of our core business and as well explore future opportunities that might redefine the future of Garment careYou are responsible for Upstream innovation projects in the area of digital consumer experience and new business models: across our current portfolio and new innovation, you will develop new solutions to delight the garment care consumers in new ways Definition of experience flow for the whole garment care cycle by segment/target audience to identify unmet needs in our core and new business portfolio Development and management of new spaces to be complementary to our core portfolioYou are a part ofYou are a part of the Garment Care Marketing team, an agile and dynamic team which prides itself to be “the place to be” in Domestic Appliances, scoring consistently above average on Engagement rates, and a springboard for leadership. Business-wise Garment Care is the undisputed leader in its category; people-wise, we team up to win and hold each other accountable, putting integrity above everything and always going the extra mile to deliver.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience MA/BA in economics, business or related field 5-7 years experience in marketing, innovation and/or project management role or similar Experience in an international, matrix organization Familiarity with digital CX management (e-commerce experience is a plus) Can-do, hands-on attitude, with natural team playing skills and a flair for finding solutions and making things happen Fluency in English, written and spokenIn return, we offer youA meaningful career, with new challenges in our dynamic organization, working in an encouraging multinational and multicultural environment. We are happy to provide you with this opportunity to work with new technologies. You will be surrounded by passionate and committed, colleagues who share your ambition to create outstanding customer experiences. Your work will be ambitious and full of opportunities for growth. Variety and challenge will be part of your daily routines.Why should you join Philips?Philips’ Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company’s future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves. Recently, Philips has announced that an agreement has been signed to sell the domestic appliances business to Hillhouse Capital, a global investment firm focused on helping companies to achieve sustainable growthIn its 130 year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company’s successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ‘make their mark’ and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.ContactIf you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c6b15270&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4078115703,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=66506&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8478bac2&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4050317477,3d,3d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
24,serving,Glassdoor,4078115703,International Manager Payroll and Support,Philips,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933d64cabbb667be134e8aeda&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_07362f26&cb=1620072353211&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8519bea8&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4078115703,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
25,serving,Glassdoor,4060850241,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_cefaaf39&cb=1620073582096&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=0000017933d64cabbb667be134e8aeda&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d72e3ddf&cb=1620072353220&jobListingId=4060850241,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
26,serving,Glassdoor,4078046062,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_01a8725a&cb=1620073891860&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_3a5c9094&cb=1620073582102&jobListingId=4078046062,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
27,serving,Glassdoor,4043787367,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your job
In your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your working environment
Markets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
Your profile
You have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
What we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
What we offer
The success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Interested?
We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_97e0f231&cb=1620073891866&jobListingId=4078017672,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_0c8ea851&cb=1620073582103&jobListingId=4043787367,10d,10d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
28,serving,Glassdoor,4057437865,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Gezondheidszorg,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances, which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for a passionate, pro-active and delivery-focused packaging project manager to join us.You are responsible forAs packaging project manager Domestic Appliances, you are responsible for the end to end project management of packaging and basic asset creation linked to delivery of new propositions to market.Your main responsibilities include:Clarifying and aligning project goals, specify quality standards and get stakeholder buy-in.Manage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesBudget management and reporting on monthly, quarterly and on project basis, ensuring the spend is according to forecast and in line with expectations of the business.Stakeholder management across business and marketing teams - identifying and leveraging the right kind of expertise for best in class packaging -this includes alignment with legal department for compliance.Manage and coordinate suppliers involved in the projectsWorking in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and tools.Maintain a fluid channel of communication with your stakeholdersYou are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to Domestic Appliance PMO-Operations lead.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experienceBe able to handle multiple projects for multiple businesses in parallelProject management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve delivery processes and eager to learn more about better ways of building teams and products. You do this in structured and methodical ways.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.It's a bonus if you have packaging and asset creation project management experience.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f2869d4a&cb=1620073891868&jobListingId=4068405263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8789631b&cb=1620073582104&jobListingId=4057437865,23d,23d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
29,serving,Glassdoor,4073731557,International Manager Payroll and Support,FACTORY GIRL Restaurant,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Detailhandel,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017934038def90344d6c4f1c0ac7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9653691d&cb=1620075318915&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1044077&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_b11f4281&cb=1620073891862&jobListingId=4073731557,5d,5d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
30,serving,Glassdoor,3751367567,International Manager Payroll and Support,Action,Zwaagdijk-Oost,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_989a551f&cb=1620063601449&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a0c645a9&cb=1620063601449&jobListingId=3751367567,21d,21d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
31,serving,Glassdoor,4065193384,International Manager Payroll and Support,Athora,Amstelveen,Verzekeraars,Accommodation and food serving,"As risk manager you have between 3 and 10 years experience with financial risk management and are interested in the ERM activities underneath. In your role you will work on different ERM activities over time, depending your personal interests as well as the team priorities. In this function you will report directly to the director Risk.About the ERM team:The ERM team consists of 5 FTE and are part of the Athora NL risk management function. This team focusses on ERM activities, in particular the:Management and set-up of the risk policy frameworkSetting of the risk appetite statements and limitsMonitoring and reporting of the risk profile (ERM reporting)Own risk and solvency assessment (ORSA)Assessment of emerging risk, including relevant (regulatory) developments2nd line of defense of capital management & hedgingSet-up of strategic/business risk and sustainability riskCoordination of resolution planningERM team as part of the CRO domain:As part of the CRO domain, the ERM team should enable the creation and implementation of an effective Risk strategy, driven by the Athora Netherlands strategy. The CRO organization seeks to further evolve into an appropriately independent function, serving as a value adding advisor to the organization. The purpose of the CRO Athora NL domain is:“We enable Athora NL to be ‘In Control’ by building up and over the current Risk Activities through strong positioning of Key Functions and Key Roles!”VereistenRequired soft competencies:Anticipate and balance the needs of multiple stakeholdersBe action orientedHave an overarching (strategic) focusOpen to change and initiate innovationRelate openly and comfortably with diverse groups of peopleHave good sense of humorRequired hard competencies:University degreeProven experience in financial/quantitative risk management within financial institutionsApprox. 3 to 10 years experienceWhat we offerDynamic and competitive working conditions;A good salary;Plenty of space for personal development, including a personal training budget;An informal organization with a good work-life balance.Interested?If you recognize yourself in the description and the challenge send us your cv today.For questions please contact Diederick Kavelaars, Talent Acquisition, +31 683 632 417.Athora is committed to diversity and being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more Diversiteit en inclusie (athora.nl)
As risk manager you have between 3 and 10 years experience with financial risk management and are interested in the ERM activities underneath. In your role you will work on different ERM activities over time, depending your personal interests as well as the team priorities. In this function you will report directly to the director Risk.About the ERM team:The ERM team consists of 5 FTE and are part of the Athora NL risk management function. This team focusses on ERM activities, in particular the:Management and set-up of the risk policy frameworkSetting of the risk appetite statements and limitsMonitoring and reporting of the risk profile (ERM reporting)Own risk and solvency assessment (ORSA)Assessment of emerging risk, including relevant (regulatory) developments2nd line of defense of capital management & hedgingSet-up of strategic/business risk and sustainability riskCoordination of resolution planningERM team as part of the CRO domain:As part of the CRO domain, the ERM team should enable the creation and implementation of an effective Risk strategy, driven by the Athora Netherlands strategy. The CRO organization seeks to further evolve into an appropriately independent function, serving as a value adding advisor to the organization. The purpose of the CRO Athora NL domain is:“We enable Athora NL to be ‘In Control’ by building up and over the current Risk Activities through strong positioning of Key Functions and Key Roles!”
Required soft competencies:Anticipate and balance the needs of multiple stakeholdersBe action orientedHave an overarching (strategic) focusOpen to change and initiate innovationRelate openly and comfortably with diverse groups of peopleHave good sense of humorRequired hard competencies:University degreeProven experience in financial/quantitative risk management within financial institutionsApprox. 3 to 10 years experienceWhat we offerDynamic and competitive working conditions;A good salary;Plenty of space for personal development, including a personal training budget;An informal organization with a good work-life balance.Interested?If you recognize yourself in the description and the challenge send us your cv today.For questions please contact Diederick Kavelaars, Talent Acquisition, +31 683 632 417.Athora is committed to diversity and being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more Diversiteit en inclusie (athora.nl)
",Privébedrijf,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_7c120afa&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4065193384,13d,13d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
32,serving,Glassdoor,4021025961,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"Become a leader in finance, risk or compliance in the financial services sector! Financial institutions are currently facing major challenges with regard to their ability to meet new regulatory standards and effectively manage their risks and finances in a sustainable, future-proof way. Not to mention the pressure that financial service providers are facing as disruptors have entered these markets, forcing organizations to assess their digital capabilities, technological efficiencies, data analytics and overall revolutionize the way they work. This graduate internship will provide you with an opportunity to dig deep into these ‘hot topics’ and learn about the financial services industry as a whole.Your jobYour research will focus on topics related to finance, risk or compliance for financial services providers such as banks and insurers. During your internship, you will research different methods of finance, risk or compliance management used in organizations. For example, how certain banks are using artificial intelligence in their ‘ Know Your Customer’ (KYC) operations, how the insurance business is prepared to meet changing regulatory demands, or how banks are planning to mitigate Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks as the pressure to do so increases. You will use your insights to develop new ideas for financial services providers with regard to your chosen topic. Together, we will develop a research question that suits you, the financial services provider and your university.Next to the master thesis, Accenture offers you the possibility to develop your professional skills. Graduating at Accenture is more than just getting your degree. For instance, we stimulate our interns to engage in extra activities such as writing articles, organizing deep dive or round table events, and networking by meeting with and presenting results to experts in a variety of field. We furthermore encourage all graduate interns to engage with different parts of the organization to get a grasp of Accenture and the work we do. At Accenture, the sky is the limit.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.To be specific - you will be part of the Finance, Risk and Compliance team. This a team dedicated to serving clients from the Financial Services sector. Within the broader Accenture organization, Finance, Risk and Compliance is part of the functional group of CFO & Enterprise Value (EV). CFO & EV is a global group of finance experts providing strategy and consulting services to CFOs of all kinds of organizations. Although Finance, Risk and Compliance is specialized in the financial industry, CFO & EV tackles relevant topics cross industry, such as digital finance, zero-based finance and financial planning.
Your backgroundYou are a Master student in the final year of your graduation from a Dutch university with a relevant specialization in areas such as Business Administration, Finance, Law, Economics, Econometrics, (Business) Information Technology, Industrial/Financial engineering, or Sustainability Studies.You are a team player with excellent communication skills;You are fluent in Dutch and English;You work independently and have a hands-on mentality, you are creative and take responsibility, and you have a strong intrinsic motivation to take ownership over your work.Our OfferWithin Accenture we offer you a work environment* with a focus on your personal development, in which you will get a lot of responsibility. You work together with talented colleagues from all over the world on challenging projects for the highest ranked international businesses.You will be guided by a team of experienced consultants;You will receive a compensation and a laptop;You will gain knowledge and expertise of Accenture;You will gain experience within a large international consulting firm;You will expand your professional network.The graduation internship will be 5 or 6 months, full-time. The location is the Amsterdam Office. We'd like to start the internship as soon as possible!due to the current covid-19 situation, we will shape your internship according to Accenture policies in line with the guidelines of the RIVM and the Dutch governmentInterested?Are your ready to join Accenture Strategy & Consulting as a Graduate Intern in the field of digital transformation, technology and innovation? Apply now via the apply button below and upload your CV and motivational letter.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_4a5e4864&cb=1620063601451&jobListingId=4021025961,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8b4cc0fa&cb=1620063601451&jobListingId=4021025961,4d,4d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
33,serving,Glassdoor,3689448556,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"As the SAL you will be part of the Products security group which works with leading clients in the Dutch Consumer Goods and Services (CG&S), Retail, Industrial, Life Sciences and Travel sectors. Via this group Accenture brings industry specific knowledge to Security and helps clients implement and run fit-for-purpose security solutions.Your jobAs a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Products security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s clients and act as the face of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client solve their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings:Cloud Security and DevSecOps;Digital Identity;OT SecurityInternet of Things (IoT) Security;Security Monitoring, Analytics and Automated Response;Application Security;From giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a technical related degree;4-8 years of work experience in SecurityExperience with Consumer Goods and Services (CG&S), Retail, Industrial, Life Sciences and/or Travel sectors.Project- or consultancy experience.Commercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problems;Fluent in English and Dutch is a must;Our offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_74af7c25&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=3689448556,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_640e61c4&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=3689448556,26d,26d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
34,serving,Glassdoor,4078017672,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Accommodation and food serving,"
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your job
In your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your working environment
Markets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
Your profile
You have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
What we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
What we offer
The success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Interested?
We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0ed2d574&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=4078017672,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_65a911be&cb=1620063601452&jobListingId=4078017672,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
35,serving,Glassdoor,4078047993,International Manager Payroll and Support,Walters People,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Accommodation and food serving,"For my leading client, an international client within the financial industry in Amsterdam, I am looking for a Accounts Receivalble Accountant for the nordic market. Do you speak one of the nordic languages you and do you have experience within Accounts Receivabel? like to work independently and would you like to keep contact with internation customers? Please apply if you are interested in the vacancy.We are looking for an experienced, motivated, extremely accurate and self-driven colleague to join our Accounts Receivable team. As AR Accountant you will be part of the Finance Operations team located in Amsterdam. You will be responsible for a variety of Accounts Receivable duties such as customer invoicing, payments processing and credit collections. You are a main point of contact for our customers in terms of their invoices and work very closely with our sales team to ensure on time customer billings & cash collections.Responsibilities:Processes daily accounts receivable by monitoring and collecting overdue debtors; actions on significant risk issues and minimizes DSO (Days Sales Outstanding);Maintains customer interaction and collection notes in the ERP system;Acts as business partners with sales team and stays engaged with the business in best serving the customer;Escalates issues promptly (dispute management);Identifies and highlights credit notes and write-off concerns;Analyzes data and identifies trends;Provides reporting when needed;Creates and maintains customer master data & product families;Processes sales orders and creates customer invoices;Processes incoming bank statements (direct debit reconciliation);Performs Month end closing activities & reconciliations;Assists in internal and external financial audits, ensuring compliance with internal controls, procedures and policies.ProfileMinimum of 3 years' experience in credit collections and/or accounts receivableHands-on experience with a world-class ERP system-MS Dynamics a plusEducation and KnowledgeGood understanding of Order-to-Cash processFluent in one the nordic languages, excellent English skills (written and spoken)High level of proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, especially ExcelProfile and SkillsEye for detail and accuracy are imperative;Excellent communication skills and understanding the importance of keeping all necessary parties informed;Excellent organizational skills and follow through;Displays initiative, highly proactive;Adaptable and shows flexibility;Strong negotiation and problem solving skills;Assertive and persistent with sense of urgency;Persuasive and able to influence stakeholders at all levels;Listens to feedback and learns from mistakes;Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to work independently and as part of a team;Highly analytical;Ability to identify risks;Target orientated.Offer12 month contractMake use of our training program via Walters People AcademyWorking from home possibilitieSlary 3000,- /3700,- per month32/40 hours a weekGowth potential",Particuliere praktijk/firma,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_5deadeb2&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4078047993,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
36,serving,Glassdoor,4073494169,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Accommodation and food serving,"Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-timeApply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-timeApply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveAmsterdam /Operations /Full-time
Amsterdam /Operations /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Operations /
Full-time
Apply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveFintechAmsterdam 
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector. 
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage. 
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity. 
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clientsA strong communicator, both written and verballyProactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressureFast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriatelyDiligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Client Services ExecutiveFintechAmsterdam 
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector. 
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage. 
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity. 
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clientsA strong communicator, both written and verballyProactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressureFast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriatelyDiligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Client Services Executive
Fintech
Amsterdam
Working as part of the CSP Team from our office in Amsterdam, we are looking for someone with at least 1 year’s experience in an office environment, who is ambitious, bright and enthusiastic to grow in the finance sector.
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing, international company in a role which offers professional growth and career progression.
About You
No specific experience is required and training will be provided, however existing knowledge of international payments and/or the trust sector is an advantage.
Previous experience with Salesforce and/or Zendesk will also be beneficial.
The role is fast-paced and demanding, and attention to detail and the ability to work efficiently under pressure are a necessity.
Work will be mostly conducted in English so fluency, both written and verbal, is essential. Speaking Dutch or French will be considered advantageous.
The successful candidate will be:
Energetic yet focused, with the desire to provide a high level of service to clients
A strong communicator, both written and verbally
Proactive, with the ability to work within strict time-frames and under pressure
Fast and keen learning, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload appropriately
Diligent, with excellent attention to detail.
The Job
The CSP Client Services Executive is responsible for taking care of the administrative requirements of accounts from corporate service providers from the very beginning at the onboarding stage, throughout their relationship with Ebury.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.
Responsibilities will include:



Point of contact for clients for all operational queriesBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with clientsWorking with other teams across Ebury to ensure a seamless experience for clients, resolving any issues that arise during the processProviding the sales director of the team with operational supportIndependently taking on various tasks within the teamBeing involved in client KYC, onboarding, payments, account administration and more.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d9411eb0&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4073494169,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0b0f326d&cb=1620063601453&jobListingId=4073494169,5d,5d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
37,serving,Glassdoor,4035880539,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"As a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Financial Services security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s Banking clients and act as the representative of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client address their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.Your jobAs the SAL you will be part of the Financial Services security group which works with leading clients in Banking, Insurance and Capital Markets. Clients in these sectors are focusing on big topics that change their business, such as: constant cost reductions, ongoing digitalization, move to cloud and strict regulations around AML, KYC and Open Banking/PSD2. Accenture’s Financial Services Security group brings industry knowledge to Security and helps clients define, implement and run fitting security solutions and secure business and IT solutions.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings, e.g.:Security Strategy, Risk & ArchitectureIntegrated Risk Management/GRCCloud Security & DevSecOpsDigital IdentityApplication & Data SecurityCyber Threat IntelligenceCyber Investigation, Forensics & ResponseManaged Security ServicesFrom giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a Security or technical degree5 - 10 years of work experience in SecurityExperience in and a network throughout organizations in Financial Services, preferably BankingProject management and/or consultancy experienceCommercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problemsFluent in English is a must, fluent in Dutch is highly preferredOur offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_bd51c16e&cb=1620063601454&jobListingId=4035880539,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_12223b88&cb=1620063601454&jobListingId=4035880539,18d,18d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
38,serving,Glassdoor,4068405263,International Manager Payroll and Support,philips,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Accommodation and food serving,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances, which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for a passionate, pro-active and delivery-focused packaging project manager to join us.You are responsible forAs packaging project manager Domestic Appliances, you are responsible for the end to end project management of packaging and basic asset creation linked to delivery of new propositions to market.Your main responsibilities include:Clarifying and aligning project goals, specify quality standards and get stakeholder buy-in.Manage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesBudget management and reporting on monthly, quarterly and on project basis, ensuring the spend is according to forecast and in line with expectations of the business.Stakeholder management across business and marketing teams - identifying and leveraging the right kind of expertise for best in class packaging -this includes alignment with legal department for compliance.Manage and coordinate suppliers involved in the projectsWorking in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and tools.Maintain a fluid channel of communication with your stakeholdersYou are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to Domestic Appliance PMO-Operations lead.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experienceBe able to handle multiple projects for multiple businesses in parallelProject management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve delivery processes and eager to learn more about better ways of building teams and products. You do this in structured and methodical ways.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.It's a bonus if you have packaging and asset creation project management experience.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6bb4ba0f&cb=1620063601455&jobListingId=4068405263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_88a64448&cb=1620063601455&jobListingId=4068405263,11d,11d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
39,serving,Glassdoor,4017633696,International Manager Payroll and Support,StarApple,Leiden,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"Our company & our cultureWe belong to one of the five major (global) leaders in the field of market research. With over75 + years of experience, presence in over 100 countries worldwide and a large technology department we are able to create an exciting and educational environment for all our employees. Our culture is diverse and highly collaborative. Our data scientists, creative design heads, software engineers and Product Owners all work together in teams to develop advanced and fully integrated solutions. We promote diversity: this is more than a mix of gender, culture, ethnicity and language for us. It is the inclusion of different ways of thinking, experiences, expertise and backgrounds on all business and organizational levels. We believe in a healthy balance between work and private life: we work remotely, agile environments, break outruimtes, social events and sporting activities and great colleagues! We also find personal and professional development is very important, so we offer everyone in our company the opportunity to develop themselves through local, regional and global programs.Our team and the challengeYou can as Lead Developer part of our Technology and Data Division, where innovationis our oxygen and technology is our artery. Our department is multicultural, very talented andacross all major cities in Europe. We are skillful and our focus on continuous improvementof our processes and methods and especially ourselves. We embrace change; We put our ego asideand take advice from others. We encourage concerned, open mindset within a non-hierarchical structure. We analyze, create, innovate and improve.The team in the Netherlands is an important link in this branch. There is daily from our officeworking on products that are used worldwide. Given the international factor in our companyand this team, the language is English. However, understanding of the Dutch language is a big plus, because we have a shortage there now.Your team consists of six people, including five experienced (medior to senior) software engineersand one QA Engineer. This team is a team of long-serving colleagues and the proceeds is minimal.Together we work in two sub teams (each with its own focus) to the product in our company.RequirementsMinimum Bachelor’s degree Informatics achievedMinimum 5 years experience als.NET Developer / Lead DeveloperGood knowledge and experience, including C #, MVC, .NET framework Azure (advantage)Knowledge and experience of SQL Server, design, implement, manage, and creating complex environmentsKnowledge of project approach, design methodologies and design PatternsExperience with Scrum and AgileSupply€ 4.500, – and € 6.000, – gross obv 40 hours40-hour Workweek, but less is negotiable8% holiday26 daystravel allowancePensionQuick view on permanent contractBonus schemeTraining and development opportunitiesMobility AllowanceIf this appeals to you at all? Please contact me using the information below.Phone: +316 28193055Mail: rik@starapple.nl",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_37a91113&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4017633696,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f343d2e3&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4017633696,7d,7d,2021-05-03,en,Yes,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
40,serving,Glassdoor,4035880498,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"As a Security Account Lead (SAL) in the Financial Services security group you will be responsible for overseeing security related activities at one of Accenture’s Insurance clients and act as the representative of Accenture Security. You bring together both technical and business expertise to help the client address their complex security challenges. You will use your skillset in working with delivery teams to ensure existing projects are operating as expected, as well as developing new opportunities at the client.Your jobAs the SAL you will be part of the Financial Services security group which works with leading clients in Insurance, Banking and Capital Markets. Clients in these sectors are focusing on big topics that change their business, such as: constant cost reductions, ongoing digitalization, move to cloud and strict privacy and fraud regulations. Accenture’s Financial Services Security group brings industry knowledge to Security and helps clients define, implement and run fitting security solutions and secure business and IT solutions.To help you in your role as SAL you will be given the opportunity to develop knowledge and skills on a wide range of the most innovative tools, technologies and methodologies across all Security offerings, e.g.:Security Strategy, Risk & ArchitectureIntegrated Risk Management/GRCCloud Security & DevSecOpsDigital IdentityApplication & Data SecurityCyber Threat IntelligenceCyber Investigation, Forensics & ResponseManaged Security ServicesFrom giving back to the communities where we work and live, to inspiring our people, to serving our clients and creating value for our shareholders—in everything we do, we deliver High Performance.Your teamAt Accenture Security, we lead the field working carefully with our clients to help them identify and address security challenges. The impact of our work reaches throughout the whole security life cycle, and across value chains end to end, ultimately keeping businesses and end-users protected all over the world.In practice, that might mean deploying cutting-edge security systems, using AI to analyze security risks, or developing defense strategies based on a combination of technology and user behavior. You won't be limited to a single set of tools to offer security for our clients, so you will be able to take a proactive and creative approach to find the best solutions for every security problem.
Your backgroundPreferably a Security or technical degree5 - 10 years of work experience in SecurityExperience in and a network throughout organizations in Financial Services, preferably InsuranceProject management and/or consultancy experienceCommercial experience is preferredTeam player with strong analytical skills and the ability to understand and resolve complex problemsFluent in English is a must, fluent in Dutch is highly preferredOur offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your situation ((electric) car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Annick van Kerkum through annick.van.kerkum@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9f1f0415&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4035880498,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9172655c&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4035880498,18d,18d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
41,serving,Glassdoor,4061271254,International Manager Payroll and Support,Walters People,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Accommodation and food serving,"For my leading client, an international client within the financial industry in Amsterdam, I am looking for a Accounts Receivalble Accountant for the Danish market. Do you speak fluent Danish you have experience within Accounts Receivabel, like to work independently and would you like to keep contact with internation customers? Please apply if you are interested in the vacancy.We are looking for an experienced, motivated, extremely accurate and self-driven colleague to join our Accounts Receivable team. As AR Accountant you will be part of the Finance Operations team located in Amsterdam. You will be responsible for a variety of Accounts Receivable duties such as customer invoicing, payments processing and credit collections. You are a main point of contact for our customers in terms of their invoices and work very closely with our sales team to ensure on time customer billings & cash collections.Responsibilities:Processes daily accounts receivable by monitoring and collecting overdue debtors; actions on significant risk issues and minimizes DSO (Days Sales Outstanding);Maintains customer interaction and collection notes in the ERP system;Acts as business partners with sales team and stays engaged with the business in best serving the customer;Escalates issues promptly (dispute management);Identifies and highlights credit notes and write-off concerns;Analyzes data and identifies trends;Provides reporting when needed;Creates and maintains customer master data & product families;Processes sales orders and creates customer invoices;Processes incoming bank statements (direct debit reconciliation);Performs Month end closing activities & reconciliations;Assists in internal and external financial audits, ensuring compliance with internal controls, procedures and policies.ProfileMinimum of 3 years' experience in credit collections and/or accounts receivableHands-on experience with a world-class ERP system-MS Dynamics a plusEducation and KnowledgeGood understanding of Order-to-Cash processFluent in Danish, excellent English skills (written and spoken)High level of proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, especially ExcelProfile and SkillsEye for detail and accuracy are imperative;Excellent communication skills and understanding the importance of keeping all necessary parties informed;Excellent organizational skills and follow through;Displays initiative, highly proactive;Adaptable and shows flexibility;Strong negotiation and problem solving skills;Assertive and persistent with sense of urgency;Persuasive and able to influence stakeholders at all levels;Listens to feedback and learns from mistakes;Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to work independently and as part of a team;Highly analytical;Ability to identify risks;Target orientated.Offer12 month contractMake use of our training program via Walters People AcademyWorking from home possibilitieSlary 3000,- /3700,- per month32/40 hours a weekGowth potential",Particuliere praktijk/firma,-1.0,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_715349a5&cb=1620063601456&jobListingId=4061271254,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
42,serving,Glassdoor,4068396369,International Manager Payroll and Support,philips,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Accommodation and food serving,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances (DA), which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for an enthusiastic, pro-active, and delivery-focused program manager to join us for 5 months.You are responsible forAs Program Manager Domestic Appliances, you manage and coordinate the execution of DA program activities to realize the respective commitments and Design objectives.You work closely with the Head of Design, Design business partner, designers and stakeholders outside the organization and you will direct and coach the global PMO-Operations team.Your main responsibilities include:Project managing Design DA cutover activitiesCommunication towards stakeholders and the DA Design teamProgram manage the Garment Care category, working in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and toolsetQuick response to issues that may arise and pro-active problem solvingSecure transparency and predictability on the progress and outcome of the programClarify and align project goals, specify quality standards, get stakeholder buy-inManage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesDirect and coach the global PMO-Operations team (7 FTE).You are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to head of Design Domestic Appliances.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:Project management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve processes and simplify ways of working.Problem Solving. You are a natural problem solver, resourceful and positive to any given challenge.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.Positive and role modeling. You bring a positive and enthusiastic spirit to everything you do. You are eager to contribute to our company's mission to improve people's live through meaningful innovation, and role model our behaviors: customers first, quality and integrity always, team up to win, take ownership to deliver fast, and eager to improve and inspire.Previous experience working at Philips Design and financial experience is seen as an advantage.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d91b8ae2&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068396369,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_50c08c6c&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068396369,11d,11d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
43,serving,Glassdoor,4036530977,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c3b65737&cb=1620067419412&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_251f01ad&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4036530977,17d,17d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
44,serving,Glassdoor,4068723319,International Manager Payroll and Support,Yacht,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Accommodation and food serving,"BedrijfsomschrijvingBackground: Philips Domestic AppliancesPhilips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the companys future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the companys successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to make their mark and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.FunctieomschrijvingIn this role, you have the opportunity toJoin the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances (DA), which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.You are responsible forAs Program Manager Domestic Appliances, you manage and coordinate the execution of DA program activities to realize the respective commitments and Design objectives.You work closely with the Head of Design, Design business partner, designers and stakeholders outside the organization and you will direct and coach the global PMO-Operations team.Your main responsibilities include:Project managing Design DA cutover activitiesCommunication towards stakeholders and the DA Design teamProgram manage the Garment Care category, working in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and toolsetQuick response to issues that may arise and pro-active problem solvingSecure transparency and predictability on the progress and outcome of the programClarify and align project goals, specify quality standards, get stakeholder buy-inManage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesDirect and coach the global PMO-Operations team (7 FTE).You are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. Youll report to head of Design Domestic Appliances.Functie-eisenTo succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:Project management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve processes and simplify ways of working.Problem Solving. You are a natural problem solver, resourceful and positive to any given challenge.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.Positive and role modeling. You bring a positive and enthusiastic spirit to everything you do. You are eager to contribute to our company's mission to improve peoples live through meaningful innovation, and role model our behaviors: customers first, quality and integrity always, team up to win, take ownership to deliver fast, and eager to improve and inspire.Previous experience working at Philips Design and financial experience is seen as an advantage.ArbeidsvoorwaardenIf you want to apply, please share the following information:CV in EnglishMotivation in EnglishAvailability + Holiday PlanningContactgegevensPatrick JamesEmail: patrick.james@yacht.nl",Dochteronderneming of bedrijfssegment,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8c07558d&cb=1620067419417&jobListingId=4068723319,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_86cf8a23&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4068723319,10d,10d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
45,serving,Glassdoor,4059894719,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Accommodation and food serving,"Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsAmsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Sales /
Full-time
Apply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsFintechBased AmsterdamCompetitive salary
 Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth. 
The Role 
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region. 
As a Senior Sales Executive you will: 
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge. Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results 


About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic. 


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
Senior Sales Executive - NordicsFintechBased AmsterdamCompetitive salary
 Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth. 
The Role 
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region. 
As a Senior Sales Executive you will: 
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge.
Senior Sales Executive - Nordics
Fintech
Based Amsterdam
Competitive salary
Advance your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world.
Join us as a Senior Sales Executive focusing on developing our client base across the Nordics region. This presents a great opportunity to build a desk in a developing market which shows great potential for growth.
The Role
As Senior Sales Executive you will have responsibility for promoting the growth of Ebury. You will do this through independent research and campaigns, targeting international operating companies across the Nordics region.
As a Senior Sales Executive you will:
Identify and acquire new companies for our rapidly expanding Foreign Exchange and lending products. Your main geographical focus will be the The Nordics region.
You will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, by using your own network, face-to-face meetings, visiting fairs and client calls working alongside an experienced senior Key Account Director.
Specifically, you will:
Onboard new clients and expand existing business (cross sell)Visit clients (face-to-face meetings with prospects)
Report on progress with the Key Account Director and ensuring that agreed sales targets are met.
Support the Ebury strong client relationship/servicing culture through on-going customer contact, quality customer service and superior product knowledge.
Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results
Your skills and experience


Educated to Degree level or equivalent ideally in a Business/Finance subjectWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/native Swedish speaker (we are also interested in native Finnish, Danish or Norwegian speakers)3-5 years experience in FinTech or Financial B2B Sales or relationship management ideally within the Nordics regions.An understanding of the SME sector would be advantageous.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for results
About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic.
About You


Proven ability to bring passion, energy and motivation to a sales organization.Proven track record of exceeding sales targets.Comfortable with both phone and F2F sales approach.First-class communication skills and the ability to win clients’ commitment and buy-in.Skilled negotiator, able to build and leverage relationships at senior levels.Detail oriented, organised, self-starter with a positive work ethic.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. 
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=988904&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9077a305&cb=1620067419419&jobListingId=4059894719,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_1e616bdd&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4059894719,20d,20d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
46,serving,Glassdoor,4044511477,International Manager Payroll and Support,Hays,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Accommodation and food serving,"Adoption Specialist | Microsoft 365 | Power Platform | Power Apps | Power Automate | Amsterdam | 1041703 |Your new roleAs Adoption Specialist you will play a key role in ensuring Microsoft 365 technologies are adopted by educating users and help them unlock all the (un)limited capabilities via Power Platform. You report directly to the Collaboration Manager and will be part of an energetic team around the world.Tasks and responsibilitiesEvangelising Microsoft 365 capabilitiesDriving adoption and increasing everyone’s literacy around Microsoft 365 throughout the businessAnalyze data, build solutions, automate processes around the businessDesigning and deliver training in multiple forms (self-assistance documentation, video training, in-person training, knowledge articles, etc.) for all employees in your assigned area on collaboration technologiesManaging multiple projects through to completion simultaneously with minimal guidanceEstablishing and maintaining good working relationships with internal customers, partners and team membersProviding outstanding customer experiences to internal customers at all touchpointsSolution Design and DevelopmentAdvising internal customers on solution design best practices and serve as the go-to-person for collaboration technologies guidanceServing as the initial point of contact for all solution requests from your assigned area.Gather and help define requirementsDetermine whether the requested solution would be best suited as a front-end configuration or needs to be escalated to a formal customisation project- Work with the internal customer to explore the use of out of the box technologies to solve their business needs - Ensure complex solution requests are initiated into the project pipeline and serve as SME through the life of the projectDesigning and building simple solutions to solve business needs using out of the box capabilitiesService and SupportBecoming the go-to-person for internal customer questions, inquiries and challengesDetermining when an issue should be escalated through incident response teamsServing as the liaison between the business and IT issues resolution teams as needed to ensure issues are resolvedWhat you'll need to succeedYou are an expert on the Microsoft Power Platform, especially Power Apps and Power Automate. You are an expert in communication, workflow and collaboration tools and Enterprise social networking tools Excellent knowledge of SharePoint 2013 and Office 365 and an understanding of common SharePoint and Office 365 development practices and languages. Strong analytical and communication skills with intense drive to learn and adopt. Working knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle, Agile project management and ITIL service management awareness or certification. Advanced communication (verbal and written) and customer service skills and able to work effectively with minimal supervision. Future focussed approach to collaboration technology and a passion for discovering new ways of workingYour new companyOur client is a pioneer in the world of consumer technology and growing fast. They have a problem-solving approach to everything they do.The organization’s Digital Workplace Services Team in which this role is aligned exist to:Deliver world class Service Desk, End User Computing, Collaboration, Legal, Payroll, organisation Institute and HR IT Services to the organisation’s 15000+ global employees.Ensure ITIL aligned governance and standards are followedDrive continual improvement into the Digital Workplace services space in line with their growth.- Deliver a roadmap for all Digital Work place services to drive transformation required to support their blueprint. - Establish and maintain strong relationships with the business, ensuring regular communication of service requirements, service improvements, risks, service changes, service outages and service issues.What you'll get in returnBesides the salary they offer a bonus, discount on their products, company pension and life insurance plan, 29 days annual holiday, fitness plan and an employee assistant programme.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #1041703
Your new roleAs Adoption Specialist you will play a key role in ensuring Microsoft 365 technologies are adopted by educating users and help them unlock all the (un)limited capabilities via Power Platform. You report directly to the Collaboration Manager and will be part of an energetic team around the world.Tasks and responsibilitiesEvangelising Microsoft 365 capabilitiesDriving adoption and increasing everyone’s literacy around Microsoft 365 throughout the businessAnalyze data, build solutions, automate processes around the businessDesigning and deliver training in multiple forms (self-assistance documentation, video training, in-person training, knowledge articles, etc.) for all employees in your assigned area on collaboration technologiesManaging multiple projects through to completion simultaneously with minimal guidanceEstablishing and maintaining good working relationships with internal customers, partners and team membersProviding outstanding customer experiences to internal customers at all touchpointsSolution Design and DevelopmentAdvising internal customers on solution design best practices and serve as the go-to-person for collaboration technologies guidanceServing as the initial point of contact for all solution requests from your assigned area.Gather and help define requirementsDetermine whether the requested solution would be best suited as a front-end configuration or needs to be escalated to a formal customisation project- Work with the internal customer to explore the use of out of the box technologies to solve their business needs - Ensure complex solution requests are initiated into the project pipeline and serve as SME through the life of the projectDesigning and building simple solutions to solve business needs using out of the box capabilitiesService and SupportBecoming the go-to-person for internal customer questions, inquiries and challengesDetermining when an issue should be escalated through incident response teamsServing as the liaison between the business and IT issues resolution teams as needed to ensure issues are resolvedWhat you'll need to succeedYou are an expert on the Microsoft Power Platform, especially Power Apps and Power Automate. You are an expert in communication, workflow and collaboration tools and Enterprise social networking tools Excellent knowledge of SharePoint 2013 and Office 365 and an understanding of common SharePoint and Office 365 development practices and languages. Strong analytical and communication skills with intense drive to learn and adopt. Working knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle, Agile project management and ITIL service management awareness or certification. Advanced communication (verbal and written) and customer service skills and able to work effectively with minimal supervision. Future focussed approach to collaboration technology and a passion for discovering new ways of workingYour new companyOur client is a pioneer in the world of consumer technology and growing fast. They have a problem-solving approach to everything they do.The organization’s Digital Workplace Services Team in which this role is aligned exist to:Deliver world class Service Desk, End User Computing, Collaboration, Legal, Payroll, organisation Institute and HR IT Services to the organisation’s 15000+ global employees.Ensure ITIL aligned governance and standards are followedDrive continual improvement into the Digital Workplace services space in line with their growth.- Deliver a roadmap for all Digital Work place services to drive transformation required to support their blueprint. - Establish and maintain strong relationships with the business, ensuring regular communication of service requirements, service improvements, risks, service changes, service outages and service issues.What you'll get in returnBesides the salary they offer a bonus, discount on their products, company pension and life insurance plan, 29 days annual holiday, fitness plan and an employee assistant programme.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #1041703",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_2922e8bc&cb=1620067419421&jobListingId=4044511477,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e19a345e&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4044511477,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
47,serving,Glassdoor,4070159634,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Accommodation and food serving,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Senior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB).FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Senior Credit Relationship Manager, you should act as a business partner and trusted advisor at management level and initiate activities to create more added value. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have more than ten years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of more complex clients with complex financial products, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You create customised solutions for complex client queries.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f165120d&cb=1620067419419&jobListingId=4070159634,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_30e32a24&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=4070159634,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
48,serving,Glassdoor,3741873987,International Manager Payroll and Support,Accenture,Utrecht,Consulting,Accommodation and food serving,"As part of our Cloud service line, you will lead IT innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and you will continuously experience and learn. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges.Your jobThe Cloud Practice includes our deepest Google Cloud experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,000+ practitioners skilled in Google Cloud technologies across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented Cloud practitioners. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex Cloud projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture Google Cloud Business Group (AGBG). Choosing Accenture and the Cloud Practice will take your Google Cloud experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.Learn more about our AGBG and Google Cloud at Accenture here:https://www.accenture.com/us-en/service-accenture-google-business-groupInteract with management levels at a client and/or within AccentureHelping Clients to turn their strategy into reality for the next generation of cloud-based applications running on Google Cloud, enabling the transition from traditional platforms to Liquid cloud architectures;Integrate a common strategy for cloud, security and DevOps;Creating business cases for technology and organizational transformation to enable migration to or utilization of Google Cloud and hybrid cloud;Developing solution architecture, implementation plans and estimates;Designing, assessing, prototyping, recommending and delivering enterprise-wide dynamically scalable, highly available, fault tolerant, secure and reliable applications and solutions on full-stack Google Cloud technologies, leveraging its rich native services offering, to respond to clients’ needs for cost-efficiency, increased competition, and agility to respond to new business opportunities;Serving as Google Cloud evangelist, educating customers and our own organization of all sizes on the value proposition of Google Cloud.This role is part of our Accenture CloudFirst practice. We know cloud technology is the first stop on the digital transformation highway. And we know that a digitally transformed business is a business that achieves greater value, and can scale, operate at speed, outmaneuver competition and external threats, and succeed. We are putting everything into cloud: our deep expertise, massive cloud resources, 70,000 cloud professionals and a $3 billion investment over three years to help our clients reimagine every aspect of their business—industry, function, data, culture, talent, applications, infrastructure and edge—to become “cloud first” now.Your teamAccenture Technology leverages design thinking, industry insights and the latest digital methodologies to help clients innovate, grow and improve their businesses. Our expertise, capabilities and experience mean that our clients (including some of the biggest brands in the world) trust us to find the right solutions for their needs.Together with our talented international colleagues, we focus on connecting the needs of businesses with the new possibilities that come with technological progress. Because that's where the real challenges are: inventing and testing things that have never been tried before, getting new applications ready for roll-out, and ultimately guiding clients to select and implement the right technologies to transform their businesses.
As part of our Cloud service line, you will lead IT innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and you will continuously experience and learn. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges.

Your job

The Cloud Practice includes our deepest Google Cloud experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,000+ practitioners skilled in Google Cloud technologies across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented Cloud practitioners. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex Cloud projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture Google Cloud Business Group (AGBG). Choosing Accenture and the Cloud Practice will take your Google Cloud experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.Learn more about our AGBG and Google Cloud at Accenture here:https://www.accenture.com/us-en/service-accenture-google-business-group

This role is part of our Accenture CloudFirst practice. We know cloud technology is the first stop on the digital transformation highway. And we know that a digitally transformed business is a business that achieves greater value, and can scale, operate at speed, outmaneuver competition and external threats, and succeed. We are putting everything into cloud: our deep expertise, massive cloud resources, 70,000 cloud professionals and a $3 billion investment over three years to help our clients reimagine every aspect of their business—industry, function, data, culture, talent, applications, infrastructure and edge—to become “cloud first” now.

Your team

Accenture Technology leverages design thinking, industry insights and the latest digital methodologies to help clients innovate, grow and improve their businesses. Our expertise, capabilities and experience mean that our clients (including some of the biggest brands in the world) trust us to find the right solutions for their needs.

Together with our talented international colleagues, we focus on connecting the needs of businesses with the new possibilities that come with technological progress. Because that's where the real challenges are: inventing and testing things that have never been tried before, getting new applications ready for roll-out, and ultimately guiding clients to select and implement the right technologies to transform their businesses.
Your backgroundExperience with Cloud vendors such as Google, AWS or Azure. ..Hands-on Cloud (e.g. Google Cloud or comparable Cloud vendor) experienceExperience with at least Linux and scripted languages.Experience with core Google Cloud architecture, including areas such as:Organizations, Identity & Account Management (IAM), VPC,Resilient and scalable architectures and solutionsKnowledge of DevOps technologies around Continuous Integration & DeliveryCloud Deployment Manager and third-party automation approach/strategyNetwork connectivity, Load Balancing, Cloud Interconnect and VPNProfessional Skill Requirements:Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environmentProven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environmentDesire to work in an information systems environmentExcellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skillsExcellent leadership and management skillsOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp, dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com
Your background
Experience with Cloud vendors such as Google, AWS or Azure. ..Hands-on Cloud (e.g. Google Cloud or comparable Cloud vendor) experienceExperience with at least Linux and scripted languages.Experience with core Google Cloud architecture, including areas such as:Organizations, Identity & Account Management (IAM), VPC,Resilient and scalable architectures and solutionsKnowledge of DevOps technologies around Continuous Integration & DeliveryCloud Deployment Manager and third-party automation approach/strategyNetwork connectivity, Load Balancing, Cloud Interconnect and VPN
Professional Skill Requirements:

Our offer

Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp, dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9e7bc2c7&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=3741873987,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_21e0ef48&cb=1620063601457&jobListingId=3741873987,3d,3d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
49,serving,Glassdoor,4060850402,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Verwerking financiële transacties,Accommodation and food serving,"Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-timeApply for this job
Business Developer - Mandarin speakerAmsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /Sales /Full-time
Amsterdam /
Sales /
Full-time
Apply for this job
New Business Developer - Mandarin SpeakingFintechAmsterdamCompetitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals. Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer 
Competitive salary and packageThanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice. Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets. 
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy. 
The Role 
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate LeadsDevelop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value PropositionResearch the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunitiesManage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade. 
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment. 


About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job
New Business Developer - Mandarin SpeakingFintechAmsterdamCompetitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world. 
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals. Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer 
Competitive salary and packageThanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice. Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets. 
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy. 
The Role 
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate LeadsDevelop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value PropositionResearch the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunitiesManage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade. 
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
New Business Developer - Mandarin Speaking
Fintech
Amsterdam
Competitive salary
Begin your career within Ebury, one of the fastest growing Fintech companies in the world.
Join as a New Business Developer where you will gain extensive knowledge from industry-leading professionals.
Throughout your career you will be supported by our world-class Ebury training academy, where you will learn about macro and microeconomics, the psychology of sales, and a range of financial products, incorporating this knowledge into your selling technique.
Even through our tremendous growth, we maintain a vibrant and enjoyable company culture, and those who excel in our highly meritocratic and fast-paced environment will be generously rewarded.
Benieuwd naar je toekomstige collega's en je werkweek? Bekijk nu onzevideo!
What we offer
Competitive salary and package
Thanks to our induction and full training program you will get introduced to our products, teams and culture, feeling a member of our community from the day you join.
Continuous learning: our Sales training bootcamps will help you to become more proactive, gain confidence and boost your sales by putting your learning into practice.
Career Path: At Ebury, we are a meritocracy - your success and efforts will be rewarded.
Enjoy our Team Building activities and get to know your fellow Eburians.
Develop your professional career in FinTech Sales as a New Business Developer in an international environment and become an expert in Financial Markets.
Your Career Path
Your performance as a New Business Developer will be measured in terms of new business generation, activity and quality performance targets. The revenue generated from the accounts you bring on for the company will gauge your performance.
Over time Business Developers can move into more senior sales positions, from industry sector specialist to Head of Desk, or progress into a dealing or account management role. The speed of progression is dependent on performance and capability, Ebury is a genuine meritocracy.
The Role
As a New Business Developer, you will create, manage and develop new business client opportunities, from cold-calling to close of business, working alongside an experienced team. Specifically, you will:
Generate Leads
Develop a database of leads/prospective clients through cold-calling segmented by industry sector and by foreign exchange turnover, as well as trade finance perspective. Take advantage of Ebury’s cutting edge, data-driven lead sourcing technology “Sonar”. Attend exhibitions or networking events where potential new business opportunities could be pursued.
Create the Ebury Value Proposition
Research the client and sector to identify possible client needs and solutions Ebury can offer. Present Ebury services to prospects and create solutions for their foreign exchange, hedging, payment and/or trade finance requirements. Where appropriate set up meetings for you and a senior colleague to visit the client and close business. Increase your market knowledge and develop relationships with clients by keeping them up to date on currency
Win business and create opportunities
Manage the relationship with our account management team to speed up the conversion from sign-up to first trade.
About You
You may be a graduate with an interest in Financial Services or you may have 1-2 years experience within a B2B Sales environment. Either way, you will be committed to developing a successful career within FinTech sales and have a strong, self-motivated work ethic. You will be someone who seizes opportunities to learn and progress and who wants to join us on the next exciting phase of our growth.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment.
Qualifications and Skills


Educated to Degree level or equivalentWorking proficiency in EnglishFluent/working proficiency in MandarinDemonstrable commercial experience or an interest in and/or a basic knowledge of finance/economicsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentationsProficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and industry-specific analysis softwareResearch skillsCommercial acumen and drive for resultsBasic understanding of the FinTech industry, with the interest and ability to become a subject matter expert.Motivated to work in a target-driven environment.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector. 
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures. Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day. 
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!). 
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector. 
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
About Us
Ebury is a FinTech success story, positioned among the fastest-growing international companies in its sector.
Ebury is a Global FinTech: we apply new technologies to enhance and automate financial services and processes. This allows small and medium-sized businesses to trade and transact internationally by eliminating boundaries related to more traditional procedures.
Founded in 2009, we are now positioned among the fastest-growing companies in the sector. Headquartered in London, we have more than 1000 staff covering over 50 nationalities (and counting!) working across more than 27 offices worldwide and serving more than 45,000 clients every day.
Hard work pays off: Ebury has just received a £350 million investment from Banco Santander and has won over 20 internationally recognised awards such as the Growing Business of the Year 2019: Larger Company (Turnover £50m+) and Financial Times: 1000 Europe's Fastest-Growing Companies (which we have been awarded twice: 2017 and 2019!).
None of this would have been possible without our proudest achievement: our great people. Enthusiastic, innovative and collaborative teams, always ready to disrupt and revolutionise the fast-paced Fintech sector.
Show the world what you and Ebury are made of. Apply now!
Due to the high number of applications received, only successful candidates will be contacted.
The list of duties and responsibilities may include others, as required by the company from time to time in the performance of your role.
Any offer of employment is subject to the receipt of satisfactory references.
We believe in inclusion. We stand against discrimination in all forms and have no tolerance for the intolerance of differences that makes us a modern and successful organisation. At Ebury, you can be whoever you want to be and still feel a sense of belonging no matter your story because we want you and your uniqueness to help write our future.
Apply for this job",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_71ad89fc&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4060850402,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_93601ad1&cb=1620063601483&jobListingId=4060850402,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
50,serving,Glassdoor,4052471279,International Manager Payroll and Support,Sonder,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Accommodation and food serving,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_04647597&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4070159659,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001793350c234a650a405e23ea4b4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_4d8977be&cb=1620063601482&jobListingId=4052471279,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
51,serving,Glassdoor,4029042383,International Manager Payroll and Support,Elsevier,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_75f27426&cb=1620070506112&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=990337&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9959d889&cb=1620067419417&jobListingId=4029042383,25d,25d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
52,serving,Glassdoor,4070159659,International Manager Payroll and Support,ABN AMRO Bank,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Accommodation and food serving,"
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residencyWe are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefitsInterested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Are you ready to join a client-facing team of credit specialists with Financial Institutions as centre of expertise? Do you want to share your knowledge and experience with Financial Institutions and credit risk management in the interests of our clients and the future of our bank?
Your jobWe are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Your job
We are looking for a Junior credit relationship manager to join our team FI Credit Relationship Management (FI CRM) within Structured Finance & Portfolio Management (SF&PM), part of Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB). FI CRM is responsible for the credit risk assessment and monitoring of a large worldwide portfolio of financial institutions, banks and non-banks, in both developed and emerging markets. The portfolio consists of clients and also of financial institutions acting as counterparties for the bank, for example for our own treasury activities.It is your core role to act as the ‘first line of defence’ in managing the Cost of Risk in line with our bank’s moderate risk profile. Your work includes drafting credit applications, periodic credit reviews and monitoring of the existing credit risk portfolio. The assessment of risks is based on your credit experience and specific client- and sector knowledge. You will have your own portfolio of FI clients.You are also expected to contribute to business line or bank wide projects in areas like process optimization and innovation of the credit chain, regulatory developments and requests, sector deep dives and risk management projects.
Working environmentCIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Working environment
CIB has a client base totalling more than 2,000 clients. We have a strong market position in the Netherlands, serving clients with revenues in excess of EUR 250 million. CIB’s core activities focus on servicing clients in Northwest Europe, in selected sectors including financial institutions, and on transition with a strong connection to the Netherlands across a focused geographical footprint.You will be working in Structured Finance & Portfolio Management – FI CRM, responsible for a portfolio of > 1500 financial institutions. You will be part of a team of 8 sector specialists of both juniors and seniors with a diverse cultural background. For the credit assessments, you will work closely together with local colleagues as well as colleagues abroad, of Credit Risk, the relationship managers of Financial Institutions and dedicated product specialists within a.o. Global Markets, our Treasury department and our Clearing organisation. You will be dealing with a highly dynamic and interesting sector well integrated in the heart of ABN AMRO Bank.Our office is based in Amsterdam (Gustav Mahlerlaan) where we work in an open floor space and have all stakeholders in our vicinity. We have a flexible operating model that allows for working at home via VPN.
Your profileTo become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Your profile
To become our new Junior Credit Relationship Manager, you should be a team player, communicate clearly, and want to continue to grow. You set challenging goals. You know the clients and their requirements, you are service-oriented and you keep to agreements. You know how to add value by using your relevant FI expertise.You work and reason at a university level and have approximately four years’ experience of providing strategic-level advice on complex products (including finance products).You are capable of managing your own FI credit portfolio of clients, by evidence.You are able to collect and analyse financial data, make credit risk analyses and credit proposals.You quickly get to the essence of a request of our stakeholders and how to contribute to it.Interpersonal: pro-active and intrinsically motivated, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, pragmatic, excellent communication skills, a flexible and adaptable approach to change.Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
Next to the above requirements, we ask:Master’s degreeRelevant certificates / coursesDutch residency
We are offeringWe offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We are offering
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
We offer you a dynamic and international environment. You will work with colleagues who have a passion for their job. You will be offered an excellent opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer:Possibilities for flexible working hours and work from home is accepted. We offer good facilities for remote working.The opportunity to pro-actively work on your vitality and fitnessCompetitive salary, solid pension plan and support to help your personal developmentA supplementary benefit budget of 11%, which you can spend on additional fringe benefits
Interested?Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.
Interested?
Does this sound like something you’d be interested in? Send us your application as soon as possible. To find out more, contact Esther von Saher (email esther.von.saher@nl.abnamro.com). We look forward to meeting you.Agency calls are not appreciated.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b2205686&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4070159659,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c39440b3&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4070159659,9d,9d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
53,serving,Glassdoor,4050317477,International Manager Payroll and Support,DFO Global Performance Commerce Limited,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Accommodation and food serving,"Job TitleGarment Care Core and New Business Consumer Marketing ManagerJob DescriptionIn this role, you have the opportunity toactively shape the portfolio of our core business and as well explore future opportunities that might redefine the future of Garment careYou are responsible for Upstream innovation projects in the area of digital consumer experience and new business models: across our current portfolio and new innovation, you will develop new solutions to delight the garment care consumers in new ways Definition of experience flow for the whole garment care cycle by segment/target audience to identify unmet needs in our core and new business portfolio Development and management of new spaces to be complementary to our core portfolioYou are a part ofYou are a part of the Garment Care Marketing team, an agile and dynamic team which prides itself to be “the place to be” in Domestic Appliances, scoring consistently above average on Engagement rates, and a springboard for leadership. Business-wise Garment Care is the undisputed leader in its category; people-wise, we team up to win and hold each other accountable, putting integrity above everything and always going the extra mile to deliver.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience MA/BA in economics, business or related field 5-7 years experience in marketing, innovation and/or project management role or similar Experience in an international, matrix organization Familiarity with digital CX management (e-commerce experience is a plus) Can-do, hands-on attitude, with natural team playing skills and a flair for finding solutions and making things happen Fluency in English, written and spokenIn return, we offer youA meaningful career, with new challenges in our dynamic organization, working in an encouraging multinational and multicultural environment. We are happy to provide you with this opportunity to work with new technologies. You will be surrounded by passionate and committed, colleagues who share your ambition to create outstanding customer experiences. Your work will be ambitious and full of opportunities for growth. Variety and challenge will be part of your daily routines.Why should you join Philips?Philips’ Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company’s future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves. Recently, Philips has announced that an agreement has been signed to sell the domestic appliances business to Hillhouse Capital, a global investment firm focused on helping companies to achieve sustainable growthIn its 130 year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company’s successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ‘make their mark’ and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.ContactIf you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c6b15270&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4078115703,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=66506&s=58&guid=00000179338b027ab236f1f8cee9460f&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8478bac2&cb=1620067419420&jobListingId=4050317477,3d,3d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
54,serving,Glassdoor,4078115703,International Manager Payroll and Support,Philips,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933d64cabbb667be134e8aeda&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_07362f26&cb=1620072353211&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017933ba1dc8bff5797bb8f0b739&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8519bea8&cb=1620070506122&jobListingId=4078115703,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
55,serving,Glassdoor,4060850241,International Manager Payroll and Support,Ebury,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_cefaaf39&cb=1620073582096&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=988904&s=58&guid=0000017933d64cabbb667be134e8aeda&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d72e3ddf&cb=1620072353220&jobListingId=4060850241,19d,19d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
56,serving,Glassdoor,4078046062,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_01a8725a&cb=1620073891860&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_3a5c9094&cb=1620073582102&jobListingId=4078046062,24u,24u,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
57,serving,Glassdoor,4043787367,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Accommodation and food serving,"
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the NetherlandsWhat we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Are you socially aware as well as curious and inquisitive? Do you have the desire to work in the largest dealing room in continental Europe? The Global Markets track of our Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme may be the perfect fit for you. Located at the Zuidas in Amsterdam, you’ll find the best deals for your clients and guide them in the complex world of financial products.
Your jobIn your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your job
In your first 5 weeks at ABN AMRO you’ll follow the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme together with your colleague trainees. During this period, you’ll get to know the corporate bank you’ll later be working for. Besides a broad introduction to ABN AMRO, you’ll participate in training in the fields of Financial Markets, Financial Analysis, Financial Modelling, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Credit Risk and Personal Development. Trainings will be delivered by those at the very top of their field (and in collaboration with Nyenrode University) – including university lecturers, professional trainers and managers at ABN AMRO. Together, they will give you a solid basis for further development within the bank. At the same time, you will build an international network of graduates from several parts of the corporate bank. A great start to your Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme.Following the initial general training, you’ll start in the Global Markets rotation programme, during which you’ll work in different parts of the dealing room over the course of 18 months. You’ll also get the chance to branch out into one of the other departments within the corporate bank – thereby broadening your knowledge and network. It’s also possible to gain experience in one of our offices in Europe. After 18 months, you’ll be ready for the starting point that best matches your skills and ambitions. From day one you will take full responsibilities.Possible rotation assignments include:Sales to corporate/institutional clients and Trading in a variety of assets classes, including Foreign Exchange (FX), Fixed Income, Interest Rates or Derivatives products.Advising clients (Public and Private) on Debt Capital Markets (DCM) and Equity Capital Markets (ECM) transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, and bond issuance.Working on various digital and electronification initiatives with a major focus on using data, to further automate our Sales & Trading activities.Writing research on sectors, commodities, currencies or the general macro economy (Group Economics Research).Opportunity to rotate at various other desks such as our inhouse development teams, our fintech start-up Franx, one of our Joint Ventures, at Business Management or at Market Risk Management.Be part of our “Sustainable Markets Desk” focusing on ESG initiatives to steer “green” and “social” product innovation and revenues across Global Markets productsAs the job is ever-changing, you’re guaranteed to learn a lot in a short space of time. With the knowledge you gain, you’ll be in good shape for a great career at ABN AMRO.
Your working environmentMarkets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your working environment
Markets is the heart of Corporate & Institutional Banking and advises clients on the purchase and sale of (complex) financial products - for example, currency, stocks, bonds, fixed-income and structured products. Our clients vary from Private Banking to (Large) Corporate Clients, Public Sector and Financial Institutions. We carry out transactions for them from our dealing rooms in Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris.Working at ABN AMRO means becoming even better at what you do. We understand clients, translate their ambitions into joint success and earn their trust. We want our clients to understand our products. That is why we sometimes even say 'no' if the risk attached to a product is too big for the client. Serving the client's interests is also a question of offering and communicating a transparent range of products. Banking is our business, the world is our challenge.
Your profileYou have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
Your profile
You have the ability to understand complex things, have a keen eye for promising developments in the market and have business empathy. We don’t need to tell you that sharing knowledge and working as a team are crucially important on the trading floor. You have the ability to bring together colleagues with different specialisations so that you can optimally support the client. Reaching your goal satisfies you. You enjoy learning new things and feel comfortable in changing environments.Requirements:A Master’s degree with above-average grades and no more than two years of work experience.Proven affinity with financial markets and interest in investment products.Social and strong communication skills.Relevant extracurricular activities and/or experience abroad. (Internship) experience in Financial Markets.Experience with Data and/or programming/IT development skillsA valid permit to work and stay in the Netherlands
What we offerThe success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
What we offer
The success of our organization depends on the quality of our people and the ideas they have. We believe that teams composed of a combination of cultures, knowledge and experience will generate insights, perspectives and innovative solutions for our customers. Therefore diversity is of vital importance to our organization. To ensure that everyone within ABN AMRO can develop his or her qualities, we encourage an inclusive culture in which all colleagues feel involved and appreciated.The opportunity to be the best you can be and lots of room to grow both personally and professionally.A competitive salary based on a 40-hour working week.A benefit budget (part of the annual salary) which gives the possibility to buy flexible terms of employment (e.g. bicycle, telephone).Fixed contract after successfully completing the 15-month initial period of the Talent Programme.An additional personal development budget of € 1,000 per year, which you can freely use.An annual public transport pass valid throughout the Netherlands.A good pension scheme and disability insurance.Every year you are entitled to 25 holidays and in addition 5 “Banking for Better Days”, which can be used for personal development or a variety of social initiatives like voluntary workEvery 5 years you are entitled to a sabbatical with a maximum period of up to 6 months, whereby you will retain 40% of your salary in the first 3 monthsDuring the entire program, you'll receive guidance from a Pool Manager, assignment supervisors, trainers and a mentor. In addition, ABN AMRO offers an ongoing training curriculum that allows you to increase the knowledge of our business, deepen your understanding of financial markets and products, and further develop your personal skills. You'll also regularly get together with the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme's training group.
Interested?We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.
Interested?
We strong encourage women to apply to our roles.Apply for this vacancy via the button below. Upload your CV, grades and cover letter. Please add your grades to either your CV or cover letter.The general weeks of training will take place at the beginning of March and September, although we welcome applications throughout the year. When you’re invited to take an aptitude test, you must complete it within 5 days. The test comprises sequences of numbers, figures and matrices. Furthermore the procedure consists of 3 interviews and a final interview with one of our MT members.Would you like to know more about the possibilities offered by the Corporate & Institutional Banking Talent Programme and this track? Get in touch with us via werkenbij@nl.abnamaro.com.",Overheid,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_97e0f231&cb=1620073891866&jobListingId=4078017672,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_0c8ea851&cb=1620073582103&jobListingId=4043787367,10d,10d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
58,serving,Glassdoor,4057437865,International Manager Payroll and Support,Miro,Amsterdam,Gezondheidszorg en ziekenhuizen,Accommodation and food serving,"Join the Design team of Philips Domestic Appliances, which interfaces with global stakeholders from different departments while driving user experience innovation. Together with a creative force of about 50 professionals, we create the future identity for the Domestic Appliances portfolio and execute this through projects, guidelines and final design specifications.We are looking for a passionate, pro-active and delivery-focused packaging project manager to join us.You are responsible forAs packaging project manager Domestic Appliances, you are responsible for the end to end project management of packaging and basic asset creation linked to delivery of new propositions to market.Your main responsibilities include:Clarifying and aligning project goals, specify quality standards and get stakeholder buy-in.Manage the project execution towards the timely realization of the agreed deliverablesBudget management and reporting on monthly, quarterly and on project basis, ensuring the spend is according to forecast and in line with expectations of the business.Stakeholder management across business and marketing teams - identifying and leveraging the right kind of expertise for best in class packaging -this includes alignment with legal department for compliance.Manage and coordinate suppliers involved in the projectsWorking in a structured and methodical way, utilizing DA Design standard processes and tools.Maintain a fluid channel of communication with your stakeholdersYou are a part ofThe Design Project Management community and the Domestic Appliances program team, where a professional and fun workplace atmosphere is valued, and a diverse multi-functional team will greet you. You'll report to Domestic Appliance PMO-Operations lead.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experienceBe able to handle multiple projects for multiple businesses in parallelProject management skills. You have profound expertise in project management processes and knowledge areas. You can flexibly adjust and apply hybrid ways of work with a given context and desired project outcomes.Continuous improvement. You are continuously looking for ways to improve delivery processes and eager to learn more about better ways of building teams and products. You do this in structured and methodical ways.Strong performance track. You are a fast learner, drive impact through teamwork and have a strong dose of self-reflection. You are able to deal with complexity, and to develop the winning plan.Team dynamics. You understand the characteristics of high performing teams and have a wide variety of tools available to help drive/guide a team towards greater dynamics, collaboration and effectiveness. Key behavioral competences include business insight, balance stakeholders, direct work, ensure accountability, and build effective teams and nimble learning.Stakeholder relationships. You are able to cultivate and grow meaningful relationships with stakeholders, encourage engagement and alignment of expectations, and empathize with the challenges they are facing. You are comfortable with working in a corporate environment.Business acumen. You have a strong understanding of the commercial aspect of building a product and feel comfortable managing budgets and optimizing return on investment, as well as working with internal and external parties to develop budgets, scope of work documents and planning.It's a bonus if you have packaging and asset creation project management experience.Why should you join Domestic Appliances?Philips Domestic Appliances business is a global leader with EUR 2.3 billion in sales in 2019 in kitchen appliances, coffee, garment care and home care appliances, with successful products such as the Airfryer, Perfect Care Steam Generators, Automatic Coffee Machines with LatteGo and SpeedPro Max Aqua vacuum cleaner, and many more that are used by millions of people every day across the world.In January 2020, Philips announced that it would be considering new ownership options for Domestic Appliances, as it is not a strategic fit for the company's future as a health technology leader, and committed to finding the right home for the business to ensure that it is set up for continued success serving customers, leveraging the Philips brand and driving growth across the markets that it serves.In its 128-year history as a leading innovator, Philips has had to reinvent itself a number of times to remain competitive. This has involved several high-profile divestments, resulting in the company's successful track record in managing complex change of this scale. Such transformations offer unique opportunities for employees to ""make their mark"" and gain expertise in a specific and dynamic environment - those who can deliver results while navigating and contributing to changes will gain unique skills and perspective that will prove valuable for the rest of their careers.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f2869d4a&cb=1620073891868&jobListingId=4068405263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=995590&s=58&guid=0000017933e90d9d916aef02907149fb&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8789631b&cb=1620073582104&jobListingId=4057437865,23d,23d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
59,serving,Glassdoor,4073731557,International Manager Payroll and Support,FACTORY GIRL Restaurant,Amsterdam,Supermarkten en superstores,Accommodation and food serving,"Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of EnglishWhat we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to growHow we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Manager International Payroll and SupportFulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
Manager International Payroll and Support
Fulltime (38 h)With employees in currently eight countries, Action continues to expand, opening more than 200 stores per year. Our workforce, currently more than 53.000 people, is based mostly in our stores, with others reporting to our distribution centers and six country offices. HR Services serves all of the company’s employees. Among other tasks, HR Services is, in cooperation with external providers, responsible for payroll preparation and coordination in every country. We’re looking for a manager who will be responsible for the payroll process and who can bring our department to the next level by addressing its upcoming challenges. An ideal candidate works with a strategical mindset and has a tactical approach and an operational focus. If this sounds like you, please keep reading.
This is your daily actionAs Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
This is your daily action
As Manager International Payroll and Support, you will report directly to Head of HR Services. In this role you are responsible for overseeing the payroll strategy and ensuring a consistent and correct execution of HR support processes for all countries. You will lead a team of coordinators that steers an international team of more than 30 payroll and support specialists. You will provide them the direction they need to achieve their goals within schedule and budget. You will be a trusted manager who can contributes to a positive work environment, even under pressure.You will work closely with payroll providers abroad, maintaining contact and aligning them on contracts and processes. When the company seeks to enter new markets, you will be responsible for setting up the full payroll processes in those specific countries.Meanwhile you will lead or participate in projects related to the payroll process, adjusting ways of working to a global standard as much as possible and according to country legislation. You will be a senior member of the HR Services team who advises the company on opportunities for improvements.
Meet your teamAction has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Meet your team
Action has grown so rapidly that we have set out to transform into a strategic ‘center of excellence’. Within our department, Recruitment is responsible for recruiting new Action employees for our international headquarters and our Dutch country office. Compensation & Benefits is responsible for anything related to salary, bonuses, lease cars and other employment conditions. Learning & Development organizes training courses for colleagues working at our stores and distribution centers. HR Projects develops various projects aimed at increasing the added value of our HR department to the Action organization and our Shared Service Centre provides various services to our country offices including payroll. Finally, each support department has its own HR advisor focused on employee recruitment, internal and external mobility and departures and acts as an interface between the departments and our overarching HR team. Do you want to contribute your ideas to help further the professionalization of our HR organization?Take Action!Curious about your new team members? Sander van Horssen, your future manager and the rest of the team, can’t wait to work with you!
Covid-19Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
Covid-19
Our main priority is the health and safety of our employees and customers. Therefore, due to the Covid-19 pandemic we ask you to work remotely. Whenever possible, the location of this position will return to our international headquarters in Zwaagdijk, where you will have the opportunity to work face-to-face with your colleagues. This also means that all interviews for this position are done digitally via video calls.
This is youAs a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
This is you
As a Manager International Payroll and Support you have a strategic level of thinking and make proposals for efficient and effective working methods to work in alignment with all the countries where we are present. You take a tactical approach: with the least possible complexity and with high efficiency, implements systems, processes and internal/external resources to achieve perfect accuracy and right timing. You are operationally focused: you have a high level of pragmatism, don’t mind figuring out issues with the team and helping solving them; you are very organised and able to structure activities and projects.Bachelor or Master degreeMinimum of 7 years’ of experience in International PayrollKnowledge of digital HR transactional processes, experience with HR cloud solutions preferably SuccessFactors is advantageousExperience in remote leading operational teamsExcellent knowledge of English
What we offerAnnual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
What we offer
Annual bonuses on personal and business objectivesLong term incentive plan24 paid vacation daysA lease carA company laptop and mobile phoneFlexible working hoursExtensive education and training at our own Action AcademyWorking for a dynamic, international organization with lots of opportunities to grow
How we contribute to societyAs a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
How we contribute to society
As a retailer, serving millions of customers in more than 1,700 stores across 8 countries, we are well aware of our impact on society and environment. That's why we invest in solutions and ways to reduce environmental impact, ensure sustainable production conditions and care about people in the countries where we have stores and produce products. Click here to read more information.
Interested?Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.
Interested?
Are you ready to take Action? Apply now!Curious what’s next?Our recruiter will review your application and will get back to you asap.We’ll invite you for a first job interview.We’d like to get to know you better. Depending on the position, we might ask you to take an online assessment.We’ll invite you for a second interview to discuss your assessment and you will meet with perhaps one of your future colleagues.Are we still a great match? Then we’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse!At Action we think integrity is of the utmost importance. A pre-employment screening is therefore part of the application process for this vacancy. Contact your Recruiter for more details.",Privébedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=0000017934038def90344d6c4f1c0ac7&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9653691d&cb=1620075318915&jobListingId=3751367567,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1044077&s=58&guid=0000017933edc6eeabd0a604f52b54a7&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_b11f4281&cb=1620073891862&jobListingId=4073731557,5d,5d,2021-05-03,en,No,No,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,I,0.5025252525252525,0.494949494949495,0.1893939393939394,0.8080808080808081,Mixed Gender,Younger,
