,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Industry,Sector,Job Description,Type of ownership,Rating,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age,Gender_Num,Age_Num
0,selling real estate,Glassdoor,3724777221,Marketing en Sales Traineeship bij a.s.r.,Workero,Amsterdam,-1,-1,"OmschrijvingWorkero is the world’s first digital ecosystem where companies can share their office spaces with like-minded professionals. We’re all about co-creation, knowledge sharing & innovation between companies. In addition to workspaces, we offer real-time tech updates, job boards, freelance projects, and collaboration requests on our digital platform. Here at Workero we believe that a vision is build together. Our core values such as Innovation, change, flexibility and reaching a societal change are the key elements we need to see in our team. We are driven by passion and don't really see work as work. We drive change and together with the team, we prepare our society for the future.But enough about us. Let’s talk about you.We are looking for a Sales driven Real estate expert to expand our partner network through BE and International markets such as Amsterdam, Berlin, Dublin and Barcelona.ResponsibilitiesResearching and identifying sales opportunity, generating leads, target identification and classificationDetermine clients’ (partner locations) needs and propose solutions that suit themConduct market research to identify selling possibilities and evaluate customer needsActively seek out new sales opportunities through cold calling, networking and social mediaSet up meetings with potential clientsPrepare and deliver appropriate presentations on our products and servicesCreate frequent reviews and reports on sales and financialsStay on top of the Belgium and EU real estate marketParticipate on behalf of the company in exhibitions or conferencesNegotiate/close deals and handle complaints or objectionsCollaborate with team members to achieve better resultsGather feedback from customers or prospects and share with internal teamsDo you recognize yourself in this: One of my favorite sales quotes on listening comes from the famous Venture Capitalist Mark Suster. He cautions: “Don’t be a crocodile salesman, big mouth & no ears”. Only by listening intently can you understand your buyers’ needs and emotions.Are you a strong relationship builder with all potential and existing clients and ensure a proper servicing and after sales support?What are we looking for?Are you fluent in Dutch, French and English? But for most, do you believe that by changing the way we work and the way we combine both physical and digital worlds can lead to a societal impactMinimum Bachelor degree or equivalent due to experienceProven skills and knowledge within Real Estate or High level B2B sales with CEO's, Innovation Managers or Human Resource ManagersProficiency in English, French and/ or DutchSaaS mindedYou are able to find solutions on complex prospect situationsHands-on experience with Hubspot software is a plusThorough understanding of negotiating & closing techniquesYou have a passion for the real estate marketSelf-motivated with a results-driven approachYou are an entrepreneur and have that startup mentalityBenefitsWe take care of our peopleJoin a solid startup minded family that can inspire you and most of all, we live and work by our company believesFlexibility, change and entrepreneurshipAn excellent market coherent salary packageWork and breath in the most advanced and fun Workero flagship in BelgiumBonus plan depending on achieved KPI'sCreate a brand that will lastWork and breath in 1 of the 30 locations in Belgium (mainly Diegem or Brussels center)Create the Workero magic and grow (internationally) with us
OmschrijvingWorkero is the world’s first digital ecosystem where companies can share their office spaces with like-minded professionals. We’re all about co-creation, knowledge sharing & innovation between companies. In addition to workspaces, we offer real-time tech updates, job boards, freelance projects, and collaboration requests on our digital platform. Here at Workero we believe that a vision is build together. Our core values such as Innovation, change, flexibility and reaching a societal change are the key elements we need to see in our team. We are driven by passion and don't really see work as work. We drive change and together with the team, we prepare our society for the future.But enough about us. Let’s talk about you.We are looking for a Sales driven Real estate expert to expand our partner network through BE and International markets such as Amsterdam, Berlin, Dublin and Barcelona.
ResponsibilitiesResearching and identifying sales opportunity, generating leads, target identification and classificationDetermine clients’ (partner locations) needs and propose solutions that suit themConduct market research to identify selling possibilities and evaluate customer needsActively seek out new sales opportunities through cold calling, networking and social mediaSet up meetings with potential clientsPrepare and deliver appropriate presentations on our products and servicesCreate frequent reviews and reports on sales and financialsStay on top of the Belgium and EU real estate marketParticipate on behalf of the company in exhibitions or conferencesNegotiate/close deals and handle complaints or objectionsCollaborate with team members to achieve better resultsGather feedback from customers or prospects and share with internal teamsDo you recognize yourself in this: One of my favorite sales quotes on listening comes from the famous Venture Capitalist Mark Suster. He cautions: “Don’t be a crocodile salesman, big mouth & no ears”. Only by listening intently can you understand your buyers’ needs and emotions.Are you a strong relationship builder with all potential and existing clients and ensure a proper servicing and after sales support?
What are we looking for?Are you fluent in Dutch, French and English? But for most, do you believe that by changing the way we work and the way we combine both physical and digital worlds can lead to a societal impactMinimum Bachelor degree or equivalent due to experienceProven skills and knowledge within Real Estate or High level B2B sales with CEO's, Innovation Managers or Human Resource ManagersProficiency in English, French and/ or DutchSaaS mindedYou are able to find solutions on complex prospect situationsHands-on experience with Hubspot software is a plusThorough understanding of negotiating & closing techniquesYou have a passion for the real estate marketSelf-motivated with a results-driven approachYou are an entrepreneur and have that startup mentality
BenefitsWe take care of our peopleJoin a solid startup minded family that can inspire you and most of all, we live and work by our company believesFlexibility, change and entrepreneurshipAn excellent market coherent salary packageWork and breath in the most advanced and fun Workero flagship in BelgiumBonus plan depending on achieved KPI'sCreate a brand that will lastWork and breath in 1 of the 30 locations in Belgium (mainly Diegem or Brussels center)Create the Workero magic and grow (internationally) with us",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,-1.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3909b6e4&cb=1617674356551&jobListingId=3724777221,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_753845ed&cb=1617674356551&jobListingId=3724777221,19d,19d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
1,selling real estate,Glassdoor,4037772492,Marketing en Sales Traineeship bij a.s.r.,Funda,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"A Software Engineer at funda can proudly say that she/he works on a product that is known and used by millions of people. But funda is more than ‘just’ a well-known marketplace where supply and demand meet. We’re developing into a platform that helps our visitors with all the important things that come with buying or selling a home. If you get a kick out of technical challenges, an enormous reach and working with the latest cloud technology, working at funda is a great opportunity for a software engineer like you.Your software engineering colleagues know that they can work nearly anywhere they want to. And yet, they all choose to work for funda. Because here, they can work with the smartest people on a premium brand. They build features from beginning to end and deploy them with continuous delivery. But not only that: they also have the freedom to come up with solutions that impact 77 million visits per month.Your jobA flood of data coming your way doesn’t scare you – you know exactly how to ride that wave. By building clean and precise services, you can provide the right data from multiple data sources so that product developers have access to everything that they need to build amazing website features. By building an automatically scalable infrastructure in the cloud, you are able to scale up and down in a heartbeat.Your teamYou will be part of our TDM team, which is able to make the life of their colleagues a lot easier. Together with your colleagues Liewe, Dmitry and Kwok and Lead Backend Andries you will build new decoupled data supply services, so that product development teams have the right data to build their products. As this is a small team, your input will be very valuable. There will be plenty of room for new ideas, experimentation, trial and error, and on-the-spot learning.Your profileYou have a ton of exciting ideas and are not afraid to break through barriers to make them see the light of day. Collaboration is a key word in your career – it lifts you up to work together with other teams, and you know communication is more than just answering the questions other people ask you. As a T-shaped professional, you actively look for feedback and you are not afraid of a steep learning curve – the world of real estate agents has many secrets for those who start. Are you up for a challenge?Apart from having an awesome personality, here are some requirements we are looking for:You have a minimum of 3 years' relevant development experienceYou have experience building and monitoring (high-volume) web platforms and websitesYou know your way around ASP.Net and C#Working in an agile working environment has no secrets for youTest-Driven Development (TDD) is something you are familiar withNot only do you understand what a DevOps mindset is, but you also have practiced it beforeHave you worked in Datadog before? Great! Otherwise, another alerting & monitoring tool is fine – as long as you’ve used one beforeYou know a thing or two about cloud development. Azure is preferred, but any other major cloud provider experience is welcomeYou know how to work with infrastructure as code. Bonus points if you have experience in TerraformIf you have domain-driven design experience, don’t forget to tell us. But don’t worry if you don’t – you will be able to learn on the job.This is what we offerFunda offers you one of the most challenging jobs in your field. Whether you work in the office or from home, we’ll make sure that funda feels like home to you. On location, you and your colleagues will work in the heart of Amsterdam, with our own ‘funda square’ and an unobstructed view of the IJ river. If you work from home, you’ll stay connected to your colleagues through Microsoft Teams, and we’ll make sure you’ve got everything you need for your home office.You’ll be working with more than 140 great (international) minds, who will make you feel welcome from the start. To us, it’s only logical to take good care of our talents, and therefore of you. If you come to work with us, we offer you:An excellent salary with an annual bonus scheme and 25 days off (you can buy more days if you need them).Flexible working hours.Reimbursements for your telephone, home internet, travel expenses, gym and part of your pension.Heavenly chair massages 6 times a year (at the office, during working hours).Chef-prepared fresh lunch every day (when you’re in the office), ranging from soups to salads, fresh bread rolls from the baker and a snack every Friday.Dinners, team outings, drinks and a birthday present. And during lockdown periods, funda offers great virtual alternatives.The opportunity to attend congresses and follow courses and classes, because at funda, we believe that learning never stops. You can also get your creative juices flowing during our hackathons.Interested?We like to act swiftly at funda. So here’s what you can expect from us:Get startedYou can apply by sending your CV and cover letter (or video) via the application button.Hooray!Into the next round? Then one of our recruiters will invite you for a telephone screening.And then...If you have passed the telephone screening (and technical exercise), we will schedule that first job interview with you as soon as possible. You can expect a maximum of 2 rounds of interviews.To case or not to caseFor this vacancy, after a successful telephone screening, we will invite you to make a technical exercise.More information?Call or WhatsApp recruiter Tessa de Beurs via +31- (0)6 46 87 77 26 or Kim Thomas via +31- (0)6 15 02 74 86, or send an email to recruitment@funda.nlWe take COVID-19 very seriously. Most funda employees are working from home. However, this does not stop us from striving for a swift and enjoyable recruitment process. Our procedures haven’t changed, they will just happen virtually. Our recruiters will stay in touch with you, every step of the way.Acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated. No rights can be derived from CVs that are supplied unsolicited.",Privébedrijf,4.5,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_ee67557e&cb=1617674356552&jobListingId=4037772492,17d,17d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
2,selling real estate,Glassdoor,3799129372,Marketing en Sales Traineeship bij a.s.r.,Oracle,Utrecht,Ondernemingssoftware en netwerkoplossingen,Informatietechnologie,"Executive Architect - BeNeLux-21000274Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English, DutchPreferred QualificationsThe Executive Architect is a senior and exceptionally broad customer-facing architecture and is critical to the relationship between the largest key account customers and Oracle.The Executive Architect acts as a bridge between the needs of the customer and the solutions and services that Oracle may bring to bear to deliver value. The Executive Architect provides leadership within Oracle across the various lines of business to ensure that Oracle’s value offerings to the customer are feasible, consistent, effective and aligned to the customer need.Role DescriptionThe Executive Architect operates at account level advising beyond a single opportunity building an enterprise architecture strategy that delivers on the customer’s long-term goals.They work in collaboration with other pre-selling and consulting architects, providing the end-to-end solution architecture for large-scale transformational solutions such as global finance and supply chain solutions; complete customer solutions that combine GBU and CX products; technology solutions for support a customer moving a large part of the estate to the cloud or a new digital innovation such as High-Performance Compute or Autonomous Vehicle analysis.The common threads are the overall complexity; the significant business transformation impact; the use of cloud; and the cross-pillar/cross-LoB nature of the solution. In these complex solutions, the Executive Architect will work with other LoB architects to build a complete high-level architecture design that covers the static architecture, the operational architecture and the migration architecture necessary to deliver success, together with a business capability roadmap to deliver business change.In the strategic aspect of the relationship, the Executive Architect will work closely with the customer at very senior level within the customer organisation - typically, CIO, Chief Architect and CTO - to build a strong strategic architecture. This is a longer, more permanent relationship both with the customer and with the broad internal account team.This is realised through regular and frequent meetings with the customer - for example within the construct of an architecture board. The aspiration is to build sufficient trust with the customer such that Oracle’s products are considered at the earliest point of the customer’s decision making.The Executive Architect is a leadership position within Oracle and the architect’s key role here is to bring together the disparate threads of architect related people, services and products into a cohesive solution. A large-scale Oracle solution will bring together a wide bill of materialsThe Executive Architect can be deployed to any key account in EMEA at the discretion of Key Account leaders.The Executive Architect will lead on architecture re-use through the capture of these large-scale architecture designs and their evangelising within Oracle. This includes not only direct re-use in future architecture opportunities, but also the use of those solutions in business development, services proposition development, future product direction. Hence direct interfacing into Oracle Development is crucial. The Executive Architects will extend the scope of influence through to setting Oracle architecture strategy methodology and engagement models.The Executive Architect will engage on solution engagements through the use of the ECAL process and will make substantial use of the ECAL example artifacts and pre-built solution patterns in their customer engagements. The Executive Architect is responsible for ensuring that any learnings gained whilst working with the customer are fed back into the ECAL content library.The Executive Architect will have a broad network of contacts within and outside Oracle, and is encouraged to have a significant public presence through social media, external publication and participation at events and conferences.Summary– Translates Ideas into deliverable enterprise-wide architectural approaches collaborating with a wide range of solution engineering and consulting architects– Applies widest variety of architecture experience– Leads ECAL architecture engagements in large accounts– Supplier-side CTO / Chief Architect– Customer-wide Vision and Strategy– Converts Ideas into Enterprise Roadmaps– Create an actionable roadmap in collaboration with consulting or implementation architects to prioritize change and develop realistic, realizable plans for execution– Leads or influences customer’s Oracle architecture decisions– Runs Architecture Boards– Partners with our customers to understand strategies, challenges, and goals– Fosters advocacy - continues contact with customer after the sale through adoption, deployment, and value reviewQualificationsUniversity Degree in Computer Sciences or similar IT related fieldsExtensive background as (Lead) Enterprise Architect, CTO or Head of ArchitectureProven technical expertise in SaaS (e.g. ERP), PaaS, IaaS and Digital Transformation related topicsHolistic knowledge of cloud solutions and respective use-casesKnowledge of Oracle solutions would be ideal, but not a mustSignificant C-level presentation and consultative selling experienceFlexible to travel across the regionTechnical Skills RequiredWide background including architecture, implementation and delivery of large‐scale hardware and software systems in real-world situations.10+ year experience relevant to this position.Wide knowledge of IT market and trends.Knowledge of full Oracle stack (ideally).Specific knowledge of Oracle and competitor hardware solutions is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle database and middleware technology is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle applications is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle industry solutions is an advantage.Knowledge of architecture frameworks like e.g. TOGAF, IAF, DYA and Oracle’s OADP/OEAF.Detailed knowledge of architectural approaches including consolidation, cloud computing, virtualization, disaster recovery, application rationalization, information management, big data, java applications, Oracle and non-Oracle applications.Ability to craft and articulate strategic solutions. In-depth knowledge of implementation methodologies and best practices.Significant C-level presentation experience.Flexible to travel when required. Relevant local language skills are a plusPrior team leadership or management experience preferred.Ability to communicate effectively.Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Strong influencing and negotiation skills.Detailed Description and Job RequirementsProvides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology/application to client business. Facilitation of customer product/application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell.As a Master Principal Sales Consultant you will be responsible as the expert for formulating and leading presales technical / functional support activity to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Acts as a technical resource and mentor for less experienced Sales Consultants. Focuses on large or complex sales opportunities that need creative and complex solutions. Develops productivity tools and training for other Sales Consultants. Develops and delivers outstanding Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Leads any and all aspects of the technical sales process. Advises internal and external clients on overall architect solutions.Acknowledged authority within the Corporation. Acts as a leader of large-scale company initiatives. Viewed by peers as a leader and top contributor and by line management as a key business partner. 3 years vendor (sales and marketing) experience. 7 years business experience with relevant computer applications or database/tools. Ability to implement the most advanced product features. Thorough knowledge of system and application design. In depth knowledge of competitors. Demonstrated project management skills. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills: needs analysis, positioning, business justification, closing techniques. Ability to persuade others through presentations, demonstrations, and written communication. Ability to travel as needed. BA/BS degree or equivalent, advanced degree highly desirable.As part of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment screening process. This will involve identity and employment verification, professional references, education verification and professional qualifications and memberships (if applicable).Job: Pre SalesLocation: NL-NL,Netherlands-UtrechtOther Locations: NL-NetherlandsJob Type: Regular Employee HireOrganization: Oracle
Executive Architect - BeNeLux-21000274Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English, Dutch



Preferred QualificationsThe Executive Architect is a senior and exceptionally broad customer-facing architecture and is critical to the relationship between the largest key account customers and Oracle.The Executive Architect acts as a bridge between the needs of the customer and the solutions and services that Oracle may bring to bear to deliver value. The Executive Architect provides leadership within Oracle across the various lines of business to ensure that Oracle’s value offerings to the customer are feasible, consistent, effective and aligned to the customer need.Role DescriptionThe Executive Architect operates at account level advising beyond a single opportunity building an enterprise architecture strategy that delivers on the customer’s long-term goals.They work in collaboration with other pre-selling and consulting architects, providing the end-to-end solution architecture for large-scale transformational solutions such as global finance and supply chain solutions; complete customer solutions that combine GBU and CX products; technology solutions for support a customer moving a large part of the estate to the cloud or a new digital innovation such as High-Performance Compute or Autonomous Vehicle analysis.The common threads are the overall complexity; the significant business transformation impact; the use of cloud; and the cross-pillar/cross-LoB nature of the solution. In these complex solutions, the Executive Architect will work with other LoB architects to build a complete high-level architecture design that covers the static architecture, the operational architecture and the migration architecture necessary to deliver success, together with a business capability roadmap to deliver business change.In the strategic aspect of the relationship, the Executive Architect will work closely with the customer at very senior level within the customer organisation - typically, CIO, Chief Architect and CTO - to build a strong strategic architecture. This is a longer, more permanent relationship both with the customer and with the broad internal account team.This is realised through regular and frequent meetings with the customer - for example within the construct of an architecture board. The aspiration is to build sufficient trust with the customer such that Oracle’s products are considered at the earliest point of the customer’s decision making.The Executive Architect is a leadership position within Oracle and the architect’s key role here is to bring together the disparate threads of architect related people, services and products into a cohesive solution. A large-scale Oracle solution will bring together a wide bill of materialsThe Executive Architect can be deployed to any key account in EMEA at the discretion of Key Account leaders.The Executive Architect will lead on architecture re-use through the capture of these large-scale architecture designs and their evangelising within Oracle. This includes not only direct re-use in future architecture opportunities, but also the use of those solutions in business development, services proposition development, future product direction. Hence direct interfacing into Oracle Development is crucial. The Executive Architects will extend the scope of influence through to setting Oracle architecture strategy methodology and engagement models.The Executive Architect will engage on solution engagements through the use of the ECAL process and will make substantial use of the ECAL example artifacts and pre-built solution patterns in their customer engagements. The Executive Architect is responsible for ensuring that any learnings gained whilst working with the customer are fed back into the ECAL content library.The Executive Architect will have a broad network of contacts within and outside Oracle, and is encouraged to have a significant public presence through social media, external publication and participation at events and conferences.Summary– Translates Ideas into deliverable enterprise-wide architectural approaches collaborating with a wide range of solution engineering and consulting architects– Applies widest variety of architecture experience– Leads ECAL architecture engagements in large accounts– Supplier-side CTO / Chief Architect– Customer-wide Vision and Strategy– Converts Ideas into Enterprise Roadmaps– Create an actionable roadmap in collaboration with consulting or implementation architects to prioritize change and develop realistic, realizable plans for execution– Leads or influences customer’s Oracle architecture decisions– Runs Architecture Boards– Partners with our customers to understand strategies, challenges, and goals– Fosters advocacy - continues contact with customer after the sale through adoption, deployment, and value reviewQualificationsUniversity Degree in Computer Sciences or similar IT related fieldsExtensive background as (Lead) Enterprise Architect, CTO or Head of ArchitectureProven technical expertise in SaaS (e.g. ERP), PaaS, IaaS and Digital Transformation related topicsHolistic knowledge of cloud solutions and respective use-casesKnowledge of Oracle solutions would be ideal, but not a mustSignificant C-level presentation and consultative selling experienceFlexible to travel across the regionTechnical Skills RequiredWide background including architecture, implementation and delivery of large‐scale hardware and software systems in real-world situations.10+ year experience relevant to this position.Wide knowledge of IT market and trends.Knowledge of full Oracle stack (ideally).Specific knowledge of Oracle and competitor hardware solutions is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle database and middleware technology is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle applications is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle industry solutions is an advantage.Knowledge of architecture frameworks like e.g. TOGAF, IAF, DYA and Oracle’s OADP/OEAF.Detailed knowledge of architectural approaches including consolidation, cloud computing, virtualization, disaster recovery, application rationalization, information management, big data, java applications, Oracle and non-Oracle applications.Ability to craft and articulate strategic solutions. In-depth knowledge of implementation methodologies and best practices.Significant C-level presentation experience.Flexible to travel when required. Relevant local language skills are a plusPrior team leadership or management experience preferred.Ability to communicate effectively.Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Strong influencing and negotiation skills.

The Executive Architect is a senior and exceptionally broad customer-facing architecture and is critical to the relationship between the largest key account customers and Oracle.The Executive Architect acts as a bridge between the needs of the customer and the solutions and services that Oracle may bring to bear to deliver value. The Executive Architect provides leadership within Oracle across the various lines of business to ensure that Oracle’s value offerings to the customer are feasible, consistent, effective and aligned to the customer need.Role DescriptionThe Executive Architect operates at account level advising beyond a single opportunity building an enterprise architecture strategy that delivers on the customer’s long-term goals.They work in collaboration with other pre-selling and consulting architects, providing the end-to-end solution architecture for large-scale transformational solutions such as global finance and supply chain solutions; complete customer solutions that combine GBU and CX products; technology solutions for support a customer moving a large part of the estate to the cloud or a new digital innovation such as High-Performance Compute or Autonomous Vehicle analysis.The common threads are the overall complexity; the significant business transformation impact; the use of cloud; and the cross-pillar/cross-LoB nature of the solution. In these complex solutions, the Executive Architect will work with other LoB architects to build a complete high-level architecture design that covers the static architecture, the operational architecture and the migration architecture necessary to deliver success, together with a business capability roadmap to deliver business change.In the strategic aspect of the relationship, the Executive Architect will work closely with the customer at very senior level within the customer organisation - typically, CIO, Chief Architect and CTO - to build a strong strategic architecture. This is a longer, more permanent relationship both with the customer and with the broad internal account team.This is realised through regular and frequent meetings with the customer - for example within the construct of an architecture board. The aspiration is to build sufficient trust with the customer such that Oracle’s products are considered at the earliest point of the customer’s decision making.The Executive Architect is a leadership position within Oracle and the architect’s key role here is to bring together the disparate threads of architect related people, services and products into a cohesive solution. A large-scale Oracle solution will bring together a wide bill of materialsThe Executive Architect can be deployed to any key account in EMEA at the discretion of Key Account leaders.The Executive Architect will lead on architecture re-use through the capture of these large-scale architecture designs and their evangelising within Oracle. This includes not only direct re-use in future architecture opportunities, but also the use of those solutions in business development, services proposition development, future product direction. Hence direct interfacing into Oracle Development is crucial. The Executive Architects will extend the scope of influence through to setting Oracle architecture strategy methodology and engagement models.The Executive Architect will engage on solution engagements through the use of the ECAL process and will make substantial use of the ECAL example artifacts and pre-built solution patterns in their customer engagements. The Executive Architect is responsible for ensuring that any learnings gained whilst working with the customer are fed back into the ECAL content library.The Executive Architect will have a broad network of contacts within and outside Oracle, and is encouraged to have a significant public presence through social media, external publication and participation at events and conferences.Summary– Translates Ideas into deliverable enterprise-wide architectural approaches collaborating with a wide range of solution engineering and consulting architects– Applies widest variety of architecture experience– Leads ECAL architecture engagements in large accounts– Supplier-side CTO / Chief Architect– Customer-wide Vision and Strategy– Converts Ideas into Enterprise Roadmaps– Create an actionable roadmap in collaboration with consulting or implementation architects to prioritize change and develop realistic, realizable plans for execution– Leads or influences customer’s Oracle architecture decisions– Runs Architecture Boards– Partners with our customers to understand strategies, challenges, and goals– Fosters advocacy - continues contact with customer after the sale through adoption, deployment, and value reviewQualificationsUniversity Degree in Computer Sciences or similar IT related fieldsExtensive background as (Lead) Enterprise Architect, CTO or Head of ArchitectureProven technical expertise in SaaS (e.g. ERP), PaaS, IaaS and Digital Transformation related topicsHolistic knowledge of cloud solutions and respective use-casesKnowledge of Oracle solutions would be ideal, but not a mustSignificant C-level presentation and consultative selling experienceFlexible to travel across the regionTechnical Skills RequiredWide background including architecture, implementation and delivery of large‐scale hardware and software systems in real-world situations.10+ year experience relevant to this position.Wide knowledge of IT market and trends.Knowledge of full Oracle stack (ideally).Specific knowledge of Oracle and competitor hardware solutions is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle database and middleware technology is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle applications is an advantage.Specific knowledge of Oracle industry solutions is an advantage.Knowledge of architecture frameworks like e.g. TOGAF, IAF, DYA and Oracle’s OADP/OEAF.Detailed knowledge of architectural approaches including consolidation, cloud computing, virtualization, disaster recovery, application rationalization, information management, big data, java applications, Oracle and non-Oracle applications.Ability to craft and articulate strategic solutions. In-depth knowledge of implementation methodologies and best practices.Significant C-level presentation experience.Flexible to travel when required. Relevant local language skills are a plusPrior team leadership or management experience preferred.Ability to communicate effectively.Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Strong influencing and negotiation skills.

Detailed Description and Job RequirementsProvides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology/application to client business. Facilitation of customer product/application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell.As a Master Principal Sales Consultant you will be responsible as the expert for formulating and leading presales technical / functional support activity to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Acts as a technical resource and mentor for less experienced Sales Consultants. Focuses on large or complex sales opportunities that need creative and complex solutions. Develops productivity tools and training for other Sales Consultants. Develops and delivers outstanding Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Leads any and all aspects of the technical sales process. Advises internal and external clients on overall architect solutions.Acknowledged authority within the Corporation. Acts as a leader of large-scale company initiatives. Viewed by peers as a leader and top contributor and by line management as a key business partner. 3 years vendor (sales and marketing) experience. 7 years business experience with relevant computer applications or database/tools. Ability to implement the most advanced product features. Thorough knowledge of system and application design. In depth knowledge of competitors. Demonstrated project management skills. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills: needs analysis, positioning, business justification, closing techniques. Ability to persuade others through presentations, demonstrations, and written communication. Ability to travel as needed. BA/BS degree or equivalent, advanced degree highly desirable.As part of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment screening process. This will involve identity and employment verification, professional references, education verification and professional qualifications and memberships (if applicable).

",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_226b7e2d&cb=1617674356552&jobListingId=3799129372,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8cf392ce&cb=1617674356552&jobListingId=3799129372,23d,23d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
3,selling real estate,Glassdoor,3658647499,Marketing en Sales Traineeship bij a.s.r.,Hästens,Leiderdorp,-1,-1,"Join Our Growing TeamBE AWAKE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YOUR LIFEAbout Us:Since 1852, Hästens Beds has been committed to crafting the best sleep. The skilled craftspeople at our factory in Köping, Sweden, have been refining our work for generations. Every bed is bespoke and made by hand using only the best natural materials. The difference lies in the details and our quest to provide the most restful sleep for people who want to lead a higher quality of life. With operations in 35+ countries and over 200 partners in Europe, Asia and North America, the small family-owned company has grown into a global producer and retailer of premium beds.http://www.hastens.com/Seeking a dynamic and charismatic Sales Associate to help us not only grow our business, but also to help grow our brand so that we can bring the best sleep in the world to more and more people.Position Overview:We are on a mission to improve people’s quality of life and in doing so, we are looking for Sales Associate for Hästens Beds. As a Sales Associate in our Hästens store in Leiderdorp, Netherlands you will join and collaborate with a passionate team, driving sales, and creating the best possible environment for customers to experience quality sleep; offering a world-class service in line with our brand’s premium identity.As Sales Associate, you will become a key ambassador within the community. Think of yourself as hosting an experience and forging relationships rather than transactional encounters. The purchase of a Hästens bed is a lifestyle investment which often entails multiple visits to a store to experience what good sleep actually feels like. The Sales Associate should ensure that customers feel welcome and safe enough to close their eyes and relax into the best sleep of their life. There is enormous trust placed on the Sales Associate, so it is important to emphasize the sensibility and people-skills of this role. A focus on flawless and efficient after-sell premium client experience is paramount and often yields repeat business and referrals.In your role as Sales Associate, you will elevate the customer experience, enabling them to make a sound investment and enjoy their bed purchase effortlessly. This stress-free approach which will in turn allow customers to be the best version of themselves…EVERY day!This position will report to the Store Manager.Duties & Responsibilities:Consistently meet and exceed assigned sales targets through active prospecting and contacting potential customers (as well as existing ones)Generate consistent monthly sales and aim to exceed goalsEmbody a passion for Hästens and it's heritageAttract new business by being a genuinely engaging brand-ambassadorEstablish yourself as the ""go-to"" person for beds and sleeping adviceProvide exceptional customer service and in-store experiencesCustomer Service ResponsibilitiesApproach customers with a friendly, open, and approachable presence.Display a positive attitude when interacting with co-workers and customers.Build a solid working relationship with all clients to encourage repeat purchases.Become an expert on Hästens Beds (i.e. history, products, usage, and performance).Provide an elevated level of service by actively engaging and educating customers on sleep during the selling process.Actively communicate and maintain after-sale service support for all owners of Hästens Beds.Reinforce customer service guidelines and goals as outlined by Management.Sales GenerationCreate, schedule, and organize one weekly in-store event to drive traffic to assigned location.Generate new leads outside of store through networking and cross-branding collaboration.Scout, engage, introduce and register interior designer, architects & other trade professional to the Hästens IDP program.Use Salesforce CRM & POS to communicate daily with “leads” and “accounts”.Log client “activities” daily in SalesforceReview all order confirmations to ensure accuracy.Enters the COGS on receipt of Order Confirmation in Salesforce.Coordinate timely deliveries of all sales orders.Effectively handle high-volume sales transactions and serve multiple customers as needed.Adequately operate POS System (Salesforce) using various functions such as cash, financing and credit card transactions, shipping and inventory checks. Exercise proper cash handling techniques to avoid overages and shortages; assist managers in investigating discrepancies and comply with all legal requirements for payment processing.Comply with all Swedish laws and regulations when handling client credit-card and personal financial information.Assist with general operations, opening, and closing duties.Send “Daily Sales Reports.”Processing Sale and Purchase OrdersShowroom DutiesMaintain an orderly sales floor through daily cleaning and straightening of merchandise and fixtures while placing the needs of customers firstSteam/iron and straighten bed linens and restock sales fixtures as needed.Utilize good judgment with a focus on control cost/store spending when scheduling and organizing in-store eventsAssist with inventory transfers within a specific inventory category and complete inventory spot checks as neededAd hoc duties as assigned by the Store ManagerExperience and Requirements:Luxury retail sales experience OR similar vertical in high-end sales of exclusive club memberships or luxury real estateCash handling and POS are a mustBachelor’s DegreeSales Salesforce CRM a mustExcellent verbal and written communication skills in the Dutch AND English is a must.Work a flexible schedule including 5 to 10-hour shifts during weekends, special events, and openingsPersonal Competencies:Positive Mindset and openness to fit into Hästens' Values and CultureHigh energy and stamina (former athletes are some of our best sales people)Strong interpersonal skillsPolished and professional image to align with Hästens’ brandProactive seller who seeks out customers through ongoing outreach and communicationMust be passionate about excellence in the workplace and “getting it right the first time""The sky's the limit at Hästens. We are looking for authentic Super-Star-Caliber individuals who can join as passionate Sales Associates and soar to new heights based on extraordinary performance.Hästens Beds is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity.Location: Leiderdorp, Netherlands Compensation & Benefits: Featured Benefits: We offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits program Competitive Salary + Commission",Privébedrijf,1.8,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f5e90886&cb=1617674356552&jobListingId=3658647499,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4e7c680aefabd85181fbd21&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_68bd3a16&cb=1617674356552&jobListingId=3658647499,25d,25d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
