,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Industry,Sector,Job Description,Type of ownership,Rating,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,public administration,Glassdoor,4043776591,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_92c29525&cb=1617883653059&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b7ee13b4&cb=1617883653059&jobListingId=4043776591,12d,12d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
1,public administration,Glassdoor,4012310424,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.Your JobAs a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.
Your backgroundMaster’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc0-2 yearsof relevant working experienceAffinity with innovation and technologyFluent in Dutch and EnglishOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b3969af2&cb=1617883653060&jobListingId=4012310424,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_74054f5f&cb=1617883653060&jobListingId=4012310424,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
2,public administration,Glassdoor,4047862258,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of public administration and digital transformation.THE CHALLENGEContemporary processes of digital transformation are marked by the convergence of digital, biological and physical innovations that reshape society. Such processes are marked by disruptive and emerging technologies, which blur the boundary between digital and physical worlds and ignite new (and radical) administrative reforms needed for rethinking and redesigning public governance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of contemporary challenges of digital transformation, such as algorithmic governance, cybersecurity, crisis management, digital surveillance or digitalization of public services. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary challenges of digital transformation in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to developing research in the above-mentioned areas the position has teaching responsibilities in public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance in various educational programs of our faculty, including the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop expertise in novel research methods.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to cybersecurity and cyber resilience in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary challenges, such as algorithmic governance, digital transformation, cybersecurity, or changing public services;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationDo you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of public administration and digital transformation.THE CHALLENGEContemporary processes of digital transformation are marked by the convergence of digital, biological and physical innovations that reshape society. Such processes are marked by disruptive and emerging technologies, which blur the boundary between digital and physical worlds and ignite new (and radical) administrative reforms needed for rethinking and redesigning public governance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of contemporary challenges of digital transformation, such as algorithmic governance, cybersecurity, crisis management, digital surveillance or digitalization of public services. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary challenges of digital transformation in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to developing research in the above-mentioned areas the position has teaching responsibilities in public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance in various educational programs of our faculty, including the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop expertise in novel research methods.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to cybersecurity and cyber resilience in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary challenges, such as algorithmic governance, digital transformation, cybersecurity, or changing public services;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
Do you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d199adb5&cb=1617883653061&jobListingId=4047862258,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_263362fa&cb=1617883653061&jobListingId=4047862258,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
3,public administration,Glassdoor,4045409359,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"Tilburg Law School is looking for a Professor in International Data Governance (1.0 FTE)Department : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : Tilburg, The NetherlandsScientific discipline : Science and Technology Studies (STS), law, public administration, ethics, political and legal philosophyFull time equivalent : 1.0 fte (40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 5 yearsMonthly full time salary : € 5,749 - € 8,371 grossA new chair in International Data GovernanceAt TILT, we have a vacancy for a professor of international data governance. This chair is embedded in the ‘governance’ segment of the TILT research program and will contribute to both comparative and normative analysis of data governance models and practices worldwide. Work on governance is central to TILT’ research as it involves the study of both the structural conditions under which regulation and normative notions can have effect. As importantly, it interrogates the political and societal architectures which generate and shape normative notions about technology and which affect the conceptualization and operationalization of regulation. Research on data governance touches on law, social science, economics, and Science & Technology Studies. It focuses on the landscape of data technologies including how these technologies are produced (including the fields of research, innovation and market creation); used (including applications such as AI and machine learning, data analytics and data science) and regulated (by law, economic and social policy, and design). The normative component of this research agenda involves understanding how fundamental values become translated (or not) into rights and norms in different regions, the extent to which those differing perspectives can be reconciled on a fundamental level, and how that reconciliation might be done in terms of law, politics and practice.The study of governance necessitates an interdisciplinary set of approaches ranging from political economy and public administration to sociological and philosophical theory. It focuses on the interaction of power, politics and normative frameworks in issues such as regulation, institution-building and enforcement. The study of technology governance in particular has a strong multidisciplinary character and plays a role in linking and underpinning the different pillars of LTMS’s research agenda (which currently center on innovation and competition, privacy and data protection, intellectual property, accountability and liability, and cybersecurity).The governance of data technologies necessitates a research scope that goes beyond the EU/US axis and that is inclusive of, but not limited to, legal and regulatory concerns. This scope incorporates an understanding of the global landscape of technology development and regulation, given that the production and trading of data occurs across borders and jurisdictions. From this perspective, the study of data governance involves the ways in which different (geo)political and economic contexts shape the aims, institutions and processes of law and regulation. Relevant concerns to this research chair include responsibility and accountability with respect to the design and operation of data technologies; the intersection of rights-based visions of data governance with the political economy of technological innovation, and framings of justice with regard to governing data technologies. Bodies of theory relevant to this position include, but are not limited to, the domains of Science and Technology Studies (STS), law, public administration, ethics and both political and legal philosophy.This position involves bridging between technical and social scientific perspectives and communities, as well as understanding the global landscape of data technology and its regulation. Translation takes place partly on the level of TILT and Tilburg University through conducting interdisciplinary research, field-building and teaching, but is also essential for societal and policy engagement on issues of data governance.Job description: Tasks1. Research (50-60%)Initiating and developing new research projects within the area of the chair, with acquisition of second-stream (NWO, ERC, EU) and third-stream fundingContributing to shaping the data governance research agenda on the university and international levelConducting and supervising research on key themes in the area of the chair as part of the research program, covering both general issues in technology governance and specific questions of topical, domain-specific challengesContributing to academic culture in TILT/LTMS with motivating and inspiring academic leadershipThrough the research developed in this area, seeking and developing links on the global level to research organizations aligned with the research agenda of LTMS2. Teaching 20-30%Supervising PhD studentsTeaching at masters and bachelors level as part of TILT’s contribution across the university and its related programs (topic dependent on expertise)Supervising (a limited number of) Masters theses3. Service 20%Playing an active part in TILT and LTMS management, and being willing to contribute to academic management of the faculty and universityContributing to the dissemination of knowledge in academia, policy, and societyContributing to the financial stability of the department by raising funds in research and/or education and coaching junior researchers in grant applicationsJob Requirements, profileThe successful candidate is expected to have:A background in an appropriate discipline, including but not limited to Science and Technology Studies (STS), critical data studies, law, public administration, or (legal) philosophy.A track record in research including a PhD and international, high-quality publications.International research experience in different regional contexts, preferably with regard to both high- and lower-income countries, and an understanding of regional policy concerns and legal/regulatory frameworks with regard to data governance.Interest and demonstrated ability in interdisciplinary research and in translating between the disciplinary domains relevant to technology governance.A strong track record in acquisition of funding, including national or international research grants as well as engagement with other types of funding.The candidate has both proven experience in PhD supervision and can demonstrate teaching skills and experience, including a UTQ (BKO) or willingness to get a UTQ and including in developing new courses or programs.Good communication skills and experience in management within academia.A good command of written and spoken English. If the candidate is not proficient in Dutch, s/he is expected to acquire a good passive command of Dutch within two years, allowing participation in meetings and reading texts in Dutch, and a good active command of Dutch within five years.Terms of EmploymentTilburg University has an excellent benefits package at its disposal and strives to provide a good work-life balance. Secondary employment conditions such as a study facilities scheme and the possibility of determining your terms of employment partly on an individual basis by means of a so-called choice model. The collective employment terms and conditions for Dutch universities apply. Depending on the candidate’s experience, the starting gross salary will vary between € 5,190 - € 6,317 for an associate professor and € 5,749 - € 8,371 per month (full time) for a professor based on scale 13 / H2 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities .Tilburg University has an transparent policy concerning terms of employment and actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by applying predetermined parameters based on candidates experienceEmployees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a period of (in principle) 5 years and 1.0 fte (40 hours per week).You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Professor Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, at R.E.Leenes@tilburguniversity.edu.Please apply for this position online before April 26, 2021. Address your letter of interest to prof. dr. Geert Vervaeke (Dean Tilburg Law School) and add a resume, publication list and your top three publications, recent teaching evaluations, grade list, research proposal and a minimum of three references, (including name, telephone number and email address). We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.Selection interviews will take place in the period from May 10, 2021 until May 28, 2021 with the possibility of a second interview round in the week of May 31, 2021 until June 4, 2021.The selection committee consists of:Prof. dr. Maurice Adams, Vice Dean and Chair of the selection committeeProf. dr. Ernst Hirsch Ballin, Vice DeanProf. dr. Nikolas Rajkovic, Head of Department Public Law & GovernanceProf.dr.mr. Eric Tjong Tjin Tai, Head of Department PBLLProf. dr. Toine Spapens, Head of Department Criminal LawProf. dr. Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, home of TILT & TILECProf. dr. Marjolijn Antheunis, External memberBerthilde Boukema, SecretaryMinimum 5 of the 8 mentioned members will be present during the interviews.Ideally, the preferred candidate would be able to start on 1 October 2021.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, more than 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.TILT The Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology, and Society (TILT) conducts research into the legal and social implications of digital technologies, including AI, robotics and health technologies. Strong pillars of research are regulation and governance of emerging technologies in general; competition, innovation and intellectual property; AI and robotics; privacy and data protection; cybercrime, surveillance, and cybersecurity; and health law and governance. A key feature of TILT’s research is its multidisciplinary approach involving interaction between legal, technological, and social perspectives.TILT strongly links research with education, offering an LL.M. program in Law & Technology featuring the main research fields and an emphasis on regulatory questions. In addition, TILT teaches in programs on Data Science and Global Law.TILT is consistently ranked a top institute for research and education by national and international Legal Research and Education Assessment Committees. With 78 researchers, it is one of the largest centers in the field of technology regulation. Together with the Tilburg Law and Economics Center (TILEC), TILT forms the Department of Law, Technology, Markets and Society within Tilburg Law School. TILT and TILEC are top players in the fields of the regulation of technology and its normative implications, and law and economics, respectively.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.
Prof. dr. Maurice Adams, Vice Dean and Chair of the selection committeeProf. dr. Ernst Hirsch Ballin, Vice DeanProf. dr. Nikolas Rajkovic, Head of Department Public Law & GovernanceProf.dr.mr. Eric Tjong Tjin Tai, Head of Department PBLLProf. dr. Toine Spapens, Head of Department Criminal LawProf. dr. Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, home of TILT & TILECProf. dr. Marjolijn Antheunis, External memberBerthilde Boukema, Secretary",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3601b5fa&cb=1617883653063&jobListingId=4045409359,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_5d247f47&cb=1617883653063&jobListingId=4045409359,9d,9d,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
4,public administration,Glassdoor,4047862263,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of Smart City Governance.THE CHALLENGESmart cities can be understood as governance systems in which new urban technologies are used for providing public services for the city or for regions, for advancing urban sustainability governance, or for purposes of urban surveillance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of urban and regional governance. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary urban and regional challenges in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to conducting research, the position includes teaching public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance, and smart city governance in various educational programs of our faculty, specifically the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop and strengthen expertise in novel research methods.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to digital transformation in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary technological developments in contexts such as smart cities or digital transformation;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or are willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationDo you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of Smart City Governance.THE CHALLENGESmart cities can be understood as governance systems in which new urban technologies are used for providing public services for the city or for regions, for advancing urban sustainability governance, or for purposes of urban surveillance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of urban and regional governance. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary urban and regional challenges in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to conducting research, the position includes teaching public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance, and smart city governance in various educational programs of our faculty, specifically the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop and strengthen expertise in novel research methods.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to digital transformation in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary technological developments in contexts such as smart cities or digital transformation;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or are willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
Do you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3091be8a&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4047862263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_83f20948&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4047862263,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
5,public administration,Glassdoor,4007883069,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.Your JobAs a Management Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.
Your backgroundMaster’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc3-6 years relevant working experience (e.g. Consulting)Affinity with innovation and technologyFluent in Dutch and EnglishOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Inge Neuteboom through inge.neuteboom@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_5a9e8b3e&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4007883069,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_64d52397&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4007883069,19d,19d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
6,public administration,Glassdoor,4037488886,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Two Associate Professors of Transformation ManagementEmployment: 0.8 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 6,317Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 2 yearsApplication deadline: 18 April 2021We are looking forThe Department of Business Administration at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for two associate professors in the field of transformation management. Organisations face new societal expectations, changing institutional influences and threats to their business continuity, but they can also play an active role in the transition to sustainable change. To meet these grand challenges and change the status quo and develop new ways of organizing and working responsibly, contemporary organisations require transformation management. Our department seeks to educate students for future challenges through our integral Business Administration study programme. Our interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation addresses the multiple values underlying responsibility, the conditions required to realise those values and interventions geared to the transition of organising for responsibility.The new positions are expected to contribute to this programme with expertise on transformation management either in the area of transformational change in and across organisations or in the field of leadership for transformational change. Combining teaching and research skills, you should be able to inspire students conducting cutting-edge research on organisational change. You will teach courses in the Bachelor's and the Master's programmes in Business Administration, conduct research in line with the Responsible Organisation programme, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with businesses and academics, and contribute to central and departmental administration and management tasks.We askA PhD degree in business administration, management and organisation, or social sciences.A pipeline of publications and an excellent reputation within the field of transformation management, evidenced by a strong publication record in internationally recognised, high-quality social sciences and management journals.The ambition and proven ability to attract research funding.Teaching experience, effective teaching skills, and the capacity to develop and implement innovative teaching methods. A Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO or UKO) or equivalent would be an advantage.Proven ability to inspire and supervise young scholars (PhD candidates).Proven ability to cooperate with and inspire a team of professionals.Strong connections to organisational and business practice.International experience and network.Academic leadership qualities in line with Radboud University's leadership vision document on courage, connection and opennessExcellent English language skills and a willingness to learn Dutch (if applicable).The willingness to collaborate with members within the department and with chair groups in other disciplines at NSM.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.The mission of the Department of Business Administration is to educate future leaders in responsible business, offering an integral Business Administration programme focusing on societal problems and social processes in organisations. We co-create knowledge with multiple stakeholders in the wider community to ensure the impact of our scholarly work. There are five chair groups: Marketing, Organization Design and Development, Strategic Management, Strategic HRM, and Research and Intervention Methodology. Together, we are responsible for the BSc programmes in Business Administration (including a full track in English, and a track in International Business Administration) as well as eight specialisations within the MSc programme in Business Administration (all in English).NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School. In addition to the interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation, there are six multidisciplinary research groups at IMR dedicated to strategic and scientifically and societally relevant issues. IMR also hosts the Individual Decision lab and Group Decision lab, which are especially suited for studying collaboration in complex contexts and collective decision-making.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.8 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 6,317 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 13).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: Fixed-term contract for two years, with the possibility of extension depending on performance.The intended start date is 1 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. dr. Yvonne Benschop, Head of Department Business AdministrationEmail: y.benschop@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to prof. dr. Yvonne Benschop and submit it, no later than 18 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation.CV.Job market paper.Research statement.Teaching statement.Teaching evaluations.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021. The second round of interviews will take place on Monday 10 May 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Department of Business Administration at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for two associate professors in the field of transformation management. Organisations face new societal expectations, changing institutional influences and threats to their business continuity, but they can also play an active role in the transition to sustainable change. To meet these grand challenges and change the status quo and develop new ways of organizing and working responsibly, contemporary organisations require transformation management. Our department seeks to educate students for future challenges through our integral Business Administration study programme. Our interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation addresses the multiple values underlying responsibility, the conditions required to realise those values and interventions geared to the transition of organising for responsibility.
The new positions are expected to contribute to this programme with expertise on transformation management either in the area of transformational change in and across organisations or in the field of leadership for transformational change. Combining teaching and research skills, you should be able to inspire students conducting cutting-edge research on organisational change. You will teach courses in the Bachelor's and the Master's programmes in Business Administration, conduct research in line with the Responsible Organisation programme, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with businesses and academics, and contribute to central and departmental administration and management tasks.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning.
NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.The mission of the Department of Business Administration is to educate future leaders in responsible business, offering an integral Business Administration programme focusing on societal problems and social processes in organisations. We co-create knowledge with multiple stakeholders in the wider community to ensure the impact of our scholarly work. There are five chair groups: Marketing, Organization Design and Development, Strategic Management, Strategic HRM, and Research and Intervention Methodology. Together, we are responsible for the BSc programmes in Business Administration (including a full track in English, and a track in International Business Administration) as well as eight specialisations within the MSc programme in Business Administration (all in English).NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School. In addition to the interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation, there are six multidisciplinary research groups at IMR dedicated to strategic and scientifically and societally relevant issues. IMR also hosts the Individual Decision lab and Group Decision lab, which are especially suited for studying collaboration in complex contexts and collective decision-making.
Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f20cc709&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4037488886,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_edba405a&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4037488886,19d,19d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
7,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588483,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Leiden,Leiden,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"Vacaturenr.21-139Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functiesOmvang (fte)0.75Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op23 maart 2021Sluitingsdatum19 april 2021The Faculty of Humanities, Institute for History, has aPostdoc Position“Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of Others”Key responsibilitiesAs per September 1, 2021, the Leiden University Institute for History will be appointing a postdoc researcher within the NWO-funded VICI project Exploiting the Empire of Others: Dutch Investment in Foreign Colonial Resources, 1570-1800, supervised by Professor Cátia Antunes. The responsibilities are:Conducting research on the history of scientific codes of conduct;Writing 4 single authored and 2 co-authored articles for publication in peer-reviewed journals (alternatively one single authored monograph submitted to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to one co-edited volume (for submission to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to the development of the project’s datasets (jointly with the rest of the team);Co-organizing workshops and organizing panels for major international conferences;Contributing actively to team work (e.g., serving as a peer reviewer for other team members, contributing to the project deliverables, liaise with societal partners).Selection criteriaPhD degree in History, preferably in Economic and Social History, Colonial/Imperialism History or Global History (focus on Early Modern period);Relevant publications (journal articles, book chapters, single authored monography);Broad paleographic skills of Early Modern documents in different languagesExperience of complex, splintered public and private archivesLanguage skills: proficiency in English, knowledge of Dutch (reading), German (reading), French (reading), Spanish (basic), Portuguese (basic), Italian (basic) and LatinExcellent writing skills, preferably able to write proficiently in English and at least one other Western European language;Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team;Proven ability to work in in a large, dynamic and ambitious international team, embedded in a highly competitive environment.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is rich in expertise in fields such as philosophy, religious studies, history, art history, literature, linguistics, international studies and area studies, covering nearly every region of the world. With its staff of 930, the faculty provides 27 masters and 25 bachelors programmes for over 6,000 students based at locations in Leiden’s historic city centre and in modern buildings in The Hague. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The project Exploiting the Empire of Others can be summarized as follows. Early Modern European empires are portrayed and perceived as nationally geared enterprises, as entangled spaces at the peripheries and as zones of contact. In the Netherlands, these perceptions have filtered into the public debate that seeks to define material and immaterial responsibilities for the colonial past. What the historiographical perceptions, academic portrayals and public debate seem, however, to ignore is the role played by foreigners (being non-subjects of a specific king or republic) I exploiting the empires of other countries. This project will establish how and why Dutch entrepreneurs (being those taking risks in matters of trade or production, introducing innovations, making decisions based on information that others did not possess and searching for opportunities where most perceived risk) participated in exploiting the English, French and Iberian Empires, as Dutch firms are particularly prominent in the European colonial landscape. Since Dutch entrepreneurs engaged in exploiting the resources of other countries, what is the future of the public debate in the Netherlands, and Europe at large, regarding a shared responsibility for the colonial past?The answer(s) to these questions can be found in the multiple public and private archives that house extensive collections of the firms that operated from the Dutch Republic into the four largest empires in Western Europe. By combining original and recently uncovered archival sources pertaining to the relevant men (and some women), businesses and activities and their relationships with fellow traders, investors and political powers in situ, this project carries the seed to change commonly held perceptions regarding Dutch colonial participation and how these perceptions are often filtered into the public debate. This socio-economic entanglement of empires may have resulted in a shared European culture of exploitation that is impossible to disentangle within public debates that remain nationally bound. Within this overarching project, a 0.75 FTE, 36-months postdoc position is available.Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of OthersIn this subproject, the successful applicant will be asked to conceptualize the investment of Dutch firms in the empire of others having as starting point three specific themes: cash crops (and associated allocation of labour), natural resources and tax farming. The analysis will be approached from the point of view of the firm and the mechanisms of management of complex portfolios that included, at times simultaneously, the exploitation of multiple sources of income and revenue.In terms of exploitation of revenue, and often through mechanisms of public debt, many Dutch firms became entangled in the political and expansionist projects of different monarchies. In this context, the postdoc will be invited to reflect upon the consequences of this entanglement for the development of specific and common features of the political economy of European empires and the pre-imperialist association between private capital and public administration of empire.Terms and conditionsThe postdoc position is part-time (0.75 FTE). The successful applicant will receive a 1 year contract, renewable for another 2 years, depending on positive evaluation of team work and outputs.The salary is in accordance with the collective salary agreement of the Association of Dutch Universities (CAO) and depending on qualifications and experience, the gross monthly salary is € 2,790.- (scale 10) to € 5,127.- (scale 11) for a full working week.The salary will be in accordance with qualifications and work experience, in scale 10 or 11 (Collective Labor Agreement of the Dutch Universities). An appointment with Leiden University includes a pension build-up and facilitates other benefits such as an annual holiday premium of 8% and an end-of-year premium of 8.3%.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationIn case of urgent questions, please contact Professor Cátia Antunes, email c.a.p.antunes@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationsApplications should be submitted in English and include a:Cover letter;Curriculum vitae with a list of publications;Statement of purpose (please elaborate on how you will approach the project, define/advance possible case studies, define your sphere of action within the team);Copy of one significant academic output (PhD dissertation, article, monography);Proof of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers or those without an undergraduate degree obtained in The Netherlands or an English-speaking country (IELTS 7.0 or lower will only be considered in exceptional circumstances, e.g. in the case of other compensatory factors such as unique experience and expertise);List of (maximum) two referees to your application (with full postal addresses, telephone numbers, and emails). Referees will be contacted directly by the search committee.Applications should be submitted no later than 19 April 2021 via the blue button in our application system . Please quote the vacancy number in your application. All requested documents should be sent in PDF format.An interview with the search committee is part of the procedure.
Vacaturenr.21-139Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functiesOmvang (fte)0.75Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op23 maart 2021Sluitingsdatum19 april 2021
Vacaturenr.
21-139
Functie-categorie
Wetenschappelijke functies
Omvang (fte)
0.75
Extern/intern
Extern
Locatie
Leiden
Geplaatst op
23 maart 2021
Sluitingsdatum
19 april 2021
The Faculty of Humanities, Institute for History, has aPostdoc Position“Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of Others”Key responsibilitiesAs per September 1, 2021, the Leiden University Institute for History will be appointing a postdoc researcher within the NWO-funded VICI project Exploiting the Empire of Others: Dutch Investment in Foreign Colonial Resources, 1570-1800, supervised by Professor Cátia Antunes. The responsibilities are:Conducting research on the history of scientific codes of conduct;Writing 4 single authored and 2 co-authored articles for publication in peer-reviewed journals (alternatively one single authored monograph submitted to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to one co-edited volume (for submission to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to the development of the project’s datasets (jointly with the rest of the team);Co-organizing workshops and organizing panels for major international conferences;Contributing actively to team work (e.g., serving as a peer reviewer for other team members, contributing to the project deliverables, liaise with societal partners).Selection criteriaPhD degree in History, preferably in Economic and Social History, Colonial/Imperialism History or Global History (focus on Early Modern period);Relevant publications (journal articles, book chapters, single authored monography);Broad paleographic skills of Early Modern documents in different languagesExperience of complex, splintered public and private archivesLanguage skills: proficiency in English, knowledge of Dutch (reading), German (reading), French (reading), Spanish (basic), Portuguese (basic), Italian (basic) and LatinExcellent writing skills, preferably able to write proficiently in English and at least one other Western European language;Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team;Proven ability to work in in a large, dynamic and ambitious international team, embedded in a highly competitive environment.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is rich in expertise in fields such as philosophy, religious studies, history, art history, literature, linguistics, international studies and area studies, covering nearly every region of the world. With its staff of 930, the faculty provides 27 masters and 25 bachelors programmes for over 6,000 students based at locations in Leiden’s historic city centre and in modern buildings in The Hague. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The project Exploiting the Empire of Others can be summarized as follows. Early Modern European empires are portrayed and perceived as nationally geared enterprises, as entangled spaces at the peripheries and as zones of contact. In the Netherlands, these perceptions have filtered into the public debate that seeks to define material and immaterial responsibilities for the colonial past. What the historiographical perceptions, academic portrayals and public debate seem, however, to ignore is the role played by foreigners (being non-subjects of a specific king or republic) I exploiting the empires of other countries. This project will establish how and why Dutch entrepreneurs (being those taking risks in matters of trade or production, introducing innovations, making decisions based on information that others did not possess and searching for opportunities where most perceived risk) participated in exploiting the English, French and Iberian Empires, as Dutch firms are particularly prominent in the European colonial landscape. Since Dutch entrepreneurs engaged in exploiting the resources of other countries, what is the future of the public debate in the Netherlands, and Europe at large, regarding a shared responsibility for the colonial past?The answer(s) to these questions can be found in the multiple public and private archives that house extensive collections of the firms that operated from the Dutch Republic into the four largest empires in Western Europe. By combining original and recently uncovered archival sources pertaining to the relevant men (and some women), businesses and activities and their relationships with fellow traders, investors and political powers in situ, this project carries the seed to change commonly held perceptions regarding Dutch colonial participation and how these perceptions are often filtered into the public debate. This socio-economic entanglement of empires may have resulted in a shared European culture of exploitation that is impossible to disentangle within public debates that remain nationally bound. Within this overarching project, a 0.75 FTE, 36-months postdoc position is available.Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of OthersIn this subproject, the successful applicant will be asked to conceptualize the investment of Dutch firms in the empire of others having as starting point three specific themes: cash crops (and associated allocation of labour), natural resources and tax farming. The analysis will be approached from the point of view of the firm and the mechanisms of management of complex portfolios that included, at times simultaneously, the exploitation of multiple sources of income and revenue.In terms of exploitation of revenue, and often through mechanisms of public debt, many Dutch firms became entangled in the political and expansionist projects of different monarchies. In this context, the postdoc will be invited to reflect upon the consequences of this entanglement for the development of specific and common features of the political economy of European empires and the pre-imperialist association between private capital and public administration of empire.Terms and conditionsThe postdoc position is part-time (0.75 FTE). The successful applicant will receive a 1 year contract, renewable for another 2 years, depending on positive evaluation of team work and outputs.The salary is in accordance with the collective salary agreement of the Association of Dutch Universities (CAO) and depending on qualifications and experience, the gross monthly salary is € 2,790.- (scale 10) to € 5,127.- (scale 11) for a full working week.The salary will be in accordance with qualifications and work experience, in scale 10 or 11 (Collective Labor Agreement of the Dutch Universities). An appointment with Leiden University includes a pension build-up and facilitates other benefits such as an annual holiday premium of 8% and an end-of-year premium of 8.3%.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationIn case of urgent questions, please contact Professor Cátia Antunes, email c.a.p.antunes@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationsApplications should be submitted in English and include a:Cover letter;Curriculum vitae with a list of publications;Statement of purpose (please elaborate on how you will approach the project, define/advance possible case studies, define your sphere of action within the team);Copy of one significant academic output (PhD dissertation, article, monography);Proof of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers or those without an undergraduate degree obtained in The Netherlands or an English-speaking country (IELTS 7.0 or lower will only be considered in exceptional circumstances, e.g. in the case of other compensatory factors such as unique experience and expertise);List of (maximum) two referees to your application (with full postal addresses, telephone numbers, and emails). Referees will be contacted directly by the search committee.Applications should be submitted no later than 19 April 2021 via the blue button in our application system . Please quote the vacancy number in your application. All requested documents should be sent in PDF format.An interview with the search committee is part of the procedure.
",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_eb883d65&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4040588483,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b6923cf2&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4040588483,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
8,public administration,Glassdoor,3801347740,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Syneos Health Clinical,Nederland,Biotechnologie en farmacie,Biotechnologie en farmacie,"Site Start-Up & Regulatory Specialist, sponsorbased Netherlands - (21001435)DescriptionWhy Syneos Health? Join a game-changing company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Created through the merger of two industry leading companies, INC Research and inVentiv Health, we bring together more than 24,000 clinical and commercial minds to create a better, smarter, faster way to get biopharmaceutical therapies into the hands of patients who need them most. Evolve in a global company that is always looking for ways to work smarter and more efficiently as the only fully integrated Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. You'll be supported with comprehensive resources based on today's emerging technologies, data, science and knowledge - instead of practices from the past. Teaming with some of the most talented professionals in the industry, you'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to over-deliver and outperform. A career with Syneos Health means your everyday work improves patients’ lives around the world.For our client, a global pharmaceutical organization we are currently looking for a Country Submission Specialist. In this role you will be working from the Client’s office in Utrecht, Netherlands.JOB SUMMARYAdministers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements. May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives.JOB RESPONSIBILITIESAdministers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.QualificationsQUALIFICATION & REQUIREMENTSBA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.High level of contracts management experience.Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.Good vendor management skills.Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.Disclaimer:Tasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees.#LI-EW1Primary Location: Europe - NLD-Client BasedJob: Site OperationsSchedule: Full-timeTravel: NoEmployee Status: Regular
Site Start-Up & Regulatory Specialist, sponsorbased Netherlands - (21001435)

DescriptionWhy Syneos Health? Join a game-changing company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Created through the merger of two industry leading companies, INC Research and inVentiv Health, we bring together more than 24,000 clinical and commercial minds to create a better, smarter, faster way to get biopharmaceutical therapies into the hands of patients who need them most. Evolve in a global company that is always looking for ways to work smarter and more efficiently as the only fully integrated Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. You'll be supported with comprehensive resources based on today's emerging technologies, data, science and knowledge - instead of practices from the past. Teaming with some of the most talented professionals in the industry, you'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to over-deliver and outperform. A career with Syneos Health means your everyday work improves patients’ lives around the world.For our client, a global pharmaceutical organization we are currently looking for a Country Submission Specialist. In this role you will be working from the Client’s office in Utrecht, Netherlands.JOB SUMMARYAdministers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements. May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives.JOB RESPONSIBILITIESAdministers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.


QualificationsQUALIFICATION & REQUIREMENTSBA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.High level of contracts management experience.Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.Good vendor management skills.Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.Disclaimer:Tasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees.#LI-EW1

",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b065ba88&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=3801347740,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_10cf4129&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=3801347740,23d,23d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
9,public administration,Glassdoor,4051195217,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant/Associate Professor of Environmental GovernanceEmployment: 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,826Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 2 years, with the possibility of extension to permanent position depending on performanceApplication deadline: 11 May 2021We are looking forThe Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant/Associate Professor in the field of (global) environmental governance.You will be expected to contribute to the development and implementation of the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will develop and teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a (global) environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant/Associate Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.We askA PhD degree in a relevant social scientific field (e.g. environmental studies, political science, public administration, sociology).An excellent reputation in (global) environmental governance, evidenced by publications in internationally recognised high-quality journals, and a track record in attracting research funds and realising societal impact.At least four years of experience in academic teaching and research in the field of global environmental governance, and management or coordination of research projects or educational programmes.Proven effective teaching skills evidenced by a Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO or UKO) or equivalent (experience with teaching quantitative methods would be an advantage).A clear research agenda and niche (theoretically, methodologically and empirically).A thorough understanding of and ambition for the transformative changes needed to address (one or different) major sustainability issues (biodiversity loss, climate change, pollution, land-use change, sustainable economies, environmental justice, animal welfare and rights).Proven ability to supervise PhD candidates.Substantial international experience and network (preferably in the global South).Excellent English language skills and willingness to learn Dutch (working knowledge of additional languages would be an advantage).Proven ability to collaborate in inter- and transdisciplinary teams.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Human Geography, Spatial Planning, and Environmental Governance and Politics.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School.The EGP chair group is a growing, inclusive and collaborative social scientific team of engaged researchers who aim to critically reflect on and contribute to sustainability transformations. We develop useful insights into the why and how of such processes, which can serve to enable, accelerate, deepen and broaden the transformation towards a global sustainable society. For this purpose, we engage in research, teaching and collaboration with societal partners. We are specialized in agriculture, animal, biodiversity, circular economy, climate change, energy, and freshwater governance. Since the chair group is embedded in the Department of Geography, Planning and Environment, we often approach sustainability issues from a spatial perspective. We focus on transdisciplinary research, incorporate futures studies, and mostly apply qualitative methods and comparative analyses. Theoretically, we mainly use discursive, institutional, and practice-based perspectives.RCSC represents Radboud University's network of researchers and teachers working on sustainability issues. It facilitates inter- and transdisciplinary research and encourages the development of a wide range of courses and study programmes relevant for sustainable development, thereby enhancing Radboud's impact on sustainability transformations.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,826 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 12).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience. Salary scale 13 may apply.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: fixed-term contract for two years, with the possibility of extension to a permanent position depending on performance.The intended start date is 15 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers, Chair Environmental Governance and PoliticsEmail: ingrid.visseren@ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers and submit it, no later than 11 May 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation or a video with your motivation (link in CV).CV.Research statement (max 400 words).Teaching statement (max 400 words).The first round of interviews will take place on Tuesday 25 May. The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 10 June.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant/Associate Professor in the field of (global) environmental governance.
You will be expected to contribute to the development and implementation of the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will develop and teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a (global) environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant/Associate Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.


Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3f74d06c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051195217,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_09836d9c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051195217,5d,5d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
10,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588391,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"Tilburg University | Tilburg Law Schoolis looking for aPostdoc researching data economyDepartment : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : TilburgScientific discipline : law, economics, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant fieldFull time equivalent : 0,8-1,0 fte (32-40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 18 monthsMonthly full time salary : € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11)The ERC-funded project INFO-LEG is looking for two postdoctoral researchers to study data practices and technologies (postdoc 1) and data economy (postdoc 2) to fundamentally restructure legal protection against information-driven harms. This is the vacancy announcement for postdoc 2. The appointment is in principle for a period of 18 months, starting September 1st 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The postdoc will be working under supervision of the PI of the project, Dr Nadya Purtova, and embedded at the Department of the Law, Technology, Markets and Society, part of the Law School of Tilburg University.Note: the start date of the project is subject to EU approval, which will apply as soon as the human resources for the project are in place.Job descriptionThe projectThe project aims to reinvent the current system of legal protection against negative effects of the data- and information technology-driven harms. In Europe this system is currently embodied in the data protection law (such as the GDPR) and is centered around the notion of personal data: the assumption underlying this system of protection is that if collection and use of personal data are regulated, information-technology related harms will be averted. Yet, using the concept of personal data as a trigger is not without problems. The boundary between data that is personal and not personal is increasingly less clear. Modern data collection and processing techniques as well as the growing spread of their uses across societal contexts (e.g. reliance on data and AI in decision-making by public authorities, policing, marketing) lead to a situation where any information can be personal data. Anchoring legal protection against digital harms in the concept “personal data” is a legacy of legislative choices made in the past, and alternative ways of structuring legal protection are possible.Given a broad meaning of personal data, a growing range of situations and problems falls within the ambit of data protection law, which is not equipped to deal with them all equally well. Simply narrowing down the concept of personal data would not do (where should we (re)draw the line?). The problem requires fundamental rethinking of the current approach to legal protection.The project looks to suggest alternative avenues for legal protection which are not conditional on the concept of personal data. We are looking for alternative ideas, concepts, or principles that would allow to restructure legal protection.TasksThe postdoc will contribute to the project by the study of data economy, for example, business models, actors and their incentives, place of data and code in that economy, etc. He/she will conduct theoretical research from the perspective of his/her disciplinary background, including the insights of economics in his/her work. The theoretical work will be complemented by the empirical study of data economy in 3 contexts: online advertising, smart grid and smart cities. He/she will be offered a contract of 18 months.Prior to applying it is advisable that the candidates get familiar with Dr. Purtova’s work, including:N. Purtova (2018) “The Law of Everything,” LIT 10(1) https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2018.1452176L Taylor & N. Purtova (2019) “What is sustainable and responsible data science?” Big Data & Society https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2053951719858114N. Purtova (2017) “Health Data for Common Good: Defining the Boundaries and Social Dilemmas of Data Commons” https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-48342-9_10N. Purtova (2015) The Illusion of personal data as noone’s property LIT https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2015.1052646N. Purtova (work in progress) “Code as personal data” Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3786673N. Purtova (work in progress) “From knowing by name to personalisation: meaning of identification under the GDPR” (available on request)In case of 1 fte employment (5-days work week), you will devote 80% of your time (4 days a week) to the INFO-LEG activities, and 1 day a week (20%) to other responsibilities, such as teaching, master thesis supervision and other tasks. In case of 0,8 fte employment (4-days work week), you will devote 100% of your time to the INFO-LEG activities.Job requirementsTilburg University believes that academic excellence is achieved through the combination of outstanding research and education, in which social impact is made by sharing knowledge. In doing so, we recognize that excellence is not only achieved through individual performance, but mostly through team effort in which each team member acts as a leader connecting people.Academic qualifications: a completed PhD (or a defense date set) in economics, law & technology, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant field;Research profile: demonstrable interest in data and tech economy, and their regulation/governance with a view to mitigate societal impacts; affinity with the issues of data protection law is a plus, but not required;Cognitive skills: clear, critical and creative thinking, ability to go against the grain of the mainstream scholarship and question established presumptions;Personal skills: ability to think and work independently, collegiality, ability to deliver results of high quality and on time, communicate effectively, both within a team and towards the academic community.Employment conditionsTilburg University offers excellent terms of employment. We believe flexibility, development, and good employee benefits are very important. We make clear agreements on career paths and offer all kinds of facilities and schemes to maintain an optimum balance between work and private life. Tilburg University fosters diversity and inclusion; that is why we pursue an active policy for inclusive teams where diverse talents can flourish.The starting gross salary varies between € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11) per month (full time) based on scale 11 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities . Tilburg University actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by strictly applying predetermined parameters based on the candidate’s experience. Employees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a fixed period of 18 months, for 0.8 - 1.0 fte (32 - 40 hours per week).You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year.It is a crucial part of the employment that you will be able to attend some parts of the job in person on campus.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Dr. Nadya Purtova at N.N.Purtova@tilburguniversity.eduPlease apply for this position online before April 25th, 2021 . Address your letter of interest to the section committee.The following documents should be submitted in support of your application:A CV, including degrees, courses and course grades, relevant projects, and brief description, conference presentations;A motivation letter explaining how your profile fits the project, date of availability, and how you envisage your contribution.A publication list;A PDF of your most relevant publication;Names of 2 referees with contact details.We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.First selection interviews take place on May 17th, 2021 . The 2nd round of interviews will take place on May 25th .The selection committee consists of:1. Chair: prof.dr. R.E. (Ronald) Leenes (Head of Department)2. Member: dr. N.N. (Nadya) Purtova (Project leader)3. Member: dr. L. (Linnet) Taylor4. Member: L. (Leonie) de Jong (Managing Director)5. Secretarial support: Femke AbousalamaThe preferred candidate should be able to start on 1 September 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The final decision for appointment is subject to funding from the EU.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, almost 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.The department LTMS is home of Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology and Society (TILT) and Tilburg Law & Economics Center (TILEC). By joining forces, the two centers foster a richer understanding on the effects of socio-technical change on the regulation and governance of economic activity in an age where information technology is a key driver for innovation.TILT is one of the leading research groups in Europe at the intersection of law, technology, and society. It is premised on the multidisciplinary study of socio-technical change, aiming at understanding the interaction of technology and social and normative practices, in order to clarify how regulatory challenges of socio-technical change can be addressed.TILEC is an internationally renowned center of the Tilburg Law School and the Tilburg School of Economics and Management. It carries out interdisciplinary research on the governance of economic activity in the digital age.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_938c59e6&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588391,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c8bedfce&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588391,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
11,public administration,Glassdoor,4051194967,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Environmental Governance (tenure track)Employment: 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 4 yearsApplication deadline: 11 May 2021We are looking forThe Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant Professor (tenure track) in the field of (global) environmental governance.You will be expected to contribute to the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a global environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.We askA PhD degree in a relevant social scientific field (e.g. environmental studies, political science, public administration, sociology).Thematically relevant publications in internationally recognised high-quality journals, and experience with attracting research funds and realising societal impact.A Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO) or equivalent (experience with teaching quantitative methods would be an advantage).A clear research agenda and niche (theoretically, methodologically and empirically).A thorough understanding of and ambition for the transformative changes needed to address (one or different) major sustainability issues (biodiversity loss, climate change, pollution, land-use change, sustainable economies, environmental justice, animal welfare and rights).Substantial international experience and network (preferably in the global South).Excellent English language skills and willingness to learn Dutch (working knowledge of additional languages would be an advantage).Proven ability to collaborate in inter- and transdisciplinary teams.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Human Geography, Spatial Planning, and Environmental Governance and Politics.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School.The EGP chair group is a growing, inclusive and collabortive social scientific team of engaged researchers who aim to critically reflect on and contribute to sustainability transformations. We develop useful insights into the why and how of such processes, which can serve to enable, accelerate, deepen and broaden the transformation towards a global sustainable society. For this purpose, we engage in research, teaching and collaboration with societal partners. We are specialized in agriculture, animal, biodiversity, circular economy, climate change, energy, and freshwater governance. Since the chair group is embedded in the Department of Geography, Planning and Environment, we often approach sustainability issues from a spatial perspective. We focus on transdisciplinary research, incorporate futures studies, and mostly apply qualitative methods and comparative analyses. Theoretically, we mainly use discursive, institutional, and practice-based perspectives.RCSC represents Radboud University's network of researchers and teachers working on sustainability issues. It facilitates inter- and transdisciplinary research and encourages the development of a wide range of courses and study programmes relevant for sustainable development, thereby enhancing Radboud's impact on sustainability transformations.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: tenure track (possibility for promotion to permanent contract at the Assistant Professor, Level 1 within 4 years)The intended start date is 15 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers, Chair Environmental Governance and PoliticsEmail: ingrid.visseren@ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers and submit it, no later than 11 May 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation or a video with your motivation (link in CV).CV.Research statement (max 400 words).Teaching statement (max 400 words).The first round of interviews will take place on Thursday 27 May. The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 10 June.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant Professor (tenure track) in the field of (global) environmental governance.
You will be expected to contribute to the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a global environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.


Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6db13810&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051194967,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_60b151d8&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051194967,5d,5d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
12,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588260,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"Tilburg Law School is looking for a Postdoc researching data practices and technologiesDepartment : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : TilburgScientific discipline : law, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant fieldFull time equivalent : 0,8-1,0 fte (32-40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 18 monthsMonthly full time salary : € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11)The ERC-funded project INFO-LEG is looking for two postdoctoral researchers to study data practices and technologies (postdoc 1) and data economy (postdoc 2) to fundamentally restructure legal protection against information-driven harms. This is the vacancy announcement for postdoc 1. The appointment is in principle for a period of 18 months, starting September 1st 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The postdocs will be working under supervision of the PI of the project, Dr. Nadya Purtova, and embedded at the Department of the Law, Technology, Markets and Society, part of the Law School of Tilburg University.Note: the start date of the project is subject to EU approval, which will apply as soon as the human resources for the project are in place.Job descriptionThe projectThe project aims to reinvent the current system of legal protection against negative effects of the data- and information technology-driven harms. In Europe this system is currently embodied in the data protection law (such as the GDPR) and is centered around the notion of personal data: the assumption underlying this system of protection is that if collection and use of personal data are regulated, information-technology related harms will be averted. Yet, using the concept of personal data as a trigger is not without problems. The boundary between data that is personal and not personal is increasingly less clear. Modern data collection and processing techniques as well as the growing spread of their uses across societal contexts (e.g. reliance on data and AI in decision-making by public authorities, policing, marketing) lead to a situation where any information can be personal data. Anchoring legal protection against digital harms in the concept “personal data” is a legacy of legislative choices made in the past, and alternative ways of structuring legal protection are possible.Given a broad meaning of personal data, a growing range of situations and problems falls within the ambit of data protection law, which is not equipped to deal with them all equally well. Simply narrowing down the concept of personal data would not do (where should we (re)draw the line?). The problem requires fundamental rethinking of the current approach to legal protection.The project looks to suggest alternative avenues for legal protection which are not conditional on the concept of personal data. We are looking for alternative ideas, concepts, or principles that would allow to restructure legal protection.TasksThe postdoc will contribute to the project by the study of data- and information technologies and practices. He/she will conduct theoretical research from the perspective of his/her discipline. The theoretical work will be complemented by the empirical study of data- and information technologies and practices in 3 contexts: online advertising, smart grid and smart cities. He/she will be offered a contract of 18 months.Prior to applying it is advisable that the candidates get familiar with Dr Purtova’s work, including:N. Purtova (2018) “The Law of Everything,” LIT 10(1) https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2018.1452176L Taylor & N. Purtova (2019) “What is sustainable and responsible data science?” Big Data & Society https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2053951719858114N. Purtova (2017) “Health Data for Common Good: Defining the Boundaries and Social Dilemmas of Data Commons”https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-48342-9_10N. Purtova (2015) The Illusion of personal data as noone’s property LIT https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2015.1052646N. Purtova (work in progress) “Code as personal data” Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3786673N. Purtova (work in progress) “From knowing by name to personalisation: meaning of identification under the GDPR” (available on request)In case of 1 fte employment (5-days work week), you will devote 80% of your time (4 days a week) to the INFO-LEG activities, and 1 day a week (20%) to other responsibilities, such as teaching, master thesis supervision and other tasks. In case of 0,8 fte employment (4-days work week), you will devote 100% of your time to the INFO-LEG activities.Job requirementsTilburg University believes that academic excellence is achieved through the combination of outstanding research and education, in which social impact is made by sharing knowledge. In doing so, we recognize that excellence is not only achieved through individual performance, but mostly through team effort in which each team member acts as a leader connecting people.Academic qualifications: a completed PhD in law & technology (or a defence date set), surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant field;Research profile: demonstrable interest in data technologies and practices, and their regulation/governance with a view to mitigate societal impacts; affinity with the issues of data protection law is a plus, but not required;Cognitive skills: clear, critical and creative thinking, ability to go against the grain of the mainstream scholarship and question established presumptions;Personal skills: ability to think and work independently, collegiality, ability to deliver results of high quality and on time, communicate effectively, both within a team and towards the academic community.Employment conditionsTilburg University offers excellent terms of employment. We believe flexibility, development, and good employee benefits are very important. We make clear agreements on career paths and offer all kinds of facilities and schemes to maintain an optimum balance between work and private life. Tilburg University fosters diversity and inclusion; that is why we pursue an active policy for inclusive teams where diverse talents can flourish.The starting gross salary varies between € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11) per month (full time) based on scale 11 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities . Tilburg University actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by strictly applying predetermined parameters based on the candidate’s experience. Employees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a fixed period of 18 months for 0.8 - 1.0 fte (32 - 40 hours per week). You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year. It is a crucial part of the employment that you will be able to attend some parts of the job in person on campus.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Dr Nadya Purtova at n.n.purtova@tilburguniversity.edu.Please apply for this position online before April 25. Address your letter of interest to the section committee.The following documents should be submitted in support of your application:A CV, including degrees, courses and course grades, relevant projects, and brief description, conference presentations;A motivation letter explaining how your profile fits the project, date of availability, and how you envisage your contribution.A publication list;A PDF of your most relevant publication;Names of 2 referees with contact details.We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.First selection interviews take place on May 17th, 2021. The 2nd round of interviews will take place on May 25th.The selection committee consists of:1. Chair: prof.dr. R.E. (Ronald) Leenes (Head of Department)2. Member: dr. N.N. (Nadya) Purtova (Project leader)3. Member: dr. L. (Linnet) Taylor4. Member: L. (Leonie) de Jong (Managing Director)5. Secretarial support: Femke AbousalamaThe preferred candidate should be able to start on 1 September 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The final decision for appointment is subject to funding from the EU.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, almost 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.The department LTMS is home of Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology and Society (TILT) and Tilburg Law & Economics Center (TILEC). By joining forces, the two centers foster a richer understanding on the effects of socio-technical change on the regulation and governance of economic activity in an age where information technology is a key driver for innovation.TILT is one of the leading research groups in Europe at the intersection of law, technology, and society. It is premised on the multidisciplinary study of socio-technical change, aiming at understanding the interaction of technology and social and normative practices, in order to clarify how regulatory challenges of socio-technical change can be addressed.TILEC is an internationally renowned center of the Tilburg Law School and the Tilburg School of Economics and Management. It carries out interdisciplinary research on the governance of economic activity in the digital age.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_968b2ce9&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588260,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0a6b4d5a&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588260,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
13,public administration,Glassdoor,4048323608,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PCRS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of overcoming resistance to conducive behaviour change using technology.THE CHALLENGEMany of the challenges that societies face today require behavioral change among civilians, professionals and institutions – whether it concerns safety (fake news, climate-related risks, cybercrime), health (vaccination) or the transition to a sustainable society. However, people and organisations often resist such conducive change to face these challenges or perceive obstacles to alter their actual behaviors, routines and procedures.Technological innovations may help address such resistance. For example, technological means (e.g. sensor and eye tracking data, ecological momentary assessments) offer insights into inner states and processes within and between people (e.g. emotion and deception/sincerity detection), and, hence, help identify why and when resistance to conducive change is greatest. Second, technology can be used to set up and enrich interventions that tackle resistance to conducive change in ways that were previously impossible (e.g. VR simulations to train police officers to prevent ethnic profiling).The PCRS section seeks to address and overcome such change resistance using technology, and is therefore seeking to hire an Assistant Professor. Cornerstone of our section’s research and teaching is the role of individuals and groups in issues related to psychological, physical or societal safety. We take an interdisciplinary approach to understand and develop interventions to counter such threats, combining (social) psychological perspectives with communication sciences and public administration, and apply this to topics as conflict (e.g. polarization) and crisis management, risk perception and risk communication, crime prevention (e.g. cybercrime and undermining), restorative justice interventions, and sustainability. Technology plays a central role in our research and teaching – this is facilitated by our excellent BMSlab (including our state-of-the-art mobile lab facility).Additionally, we collaborate closely with partners from practice, such as National Crisis Centres, law enforcement agencies, energy consultants, ministries and Kenniscentrum Veilige Digitale Samenleving (Apeldoorn) and the Dutch Perspectief Herstelbemiddeling.We primarily teach in the educational bachelor and master programs of Psychology. We believe in a strong connection between research and teaching. The teaching/research ratio is 60/40 on average (depending on the success of attracting external funding).Your profileYou are in possession of a PhD and have a track record in social sciences (e.g. Psychology, Communication Sciences, Public Administration) preferably in relation to PCRS’ topics of interest described above (see also https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/pcrv/).You embrace the UT motto High Tech Human Touch and see(k) opportunities in working in a technical environment and with our exciting state-of-the-art BMSlab.You have a strong entrepreneurial and valorization orientation. You enjoy working in multidisciplinary teams as well as with partners from practice.You have a proven ability to attract external research funding.You have a passion for teaching and the ambition to constantly improve your teaching skills using new and engaging teaching methods.You have excellent communication skills. Your English is at least at the C1 level.You are in possession of a University Teaching Qualification (or similar), or are willing to earn one within three years.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationFor more information, please contact dr. S. Zebel, chair of the Psychology of Conflict, Risk & Safety. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. S. Zebel.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PCRS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of overcoming resistance to conducive behaviour change using technology.THE CHALLENGEMany of the challenges that societies face today require behavioral change among civilians, professionals and institutions – whether it concerns safety (fake news, climate-related risks, cybercrime), health (vaccination) or the transition to a sustainable society. However, people and organisations often resist such conducive change to face these challenges or perceive obstacles to alter their actual behaviors, routines and procedures.Technological innovations may help address such resistance. For example, technological means (e.g. sensor and eye tracking data, ecological momentary assessments) offer insights into inner states and processes within and between people (e.g. emotion and deception/sincerity detection), and, hence, help identify why and when resistance to conducive change is greatest. Second, technology can be used to set up and enrich interventions that tackle resistance to conducive change in ways that were previously impossible (e.g. VR simulations to train police officers to prevent ethnic profiling).The PCRS section seeks to address and overcome such change resistance using technology, and is therefore seeking to hire an Assistant Professor. Cornerstone of our section’s research and teaching is the role of individuals and groups in issues related to psychological, physical or societal safety. We take an interdisciplinary approach to understand and develop interventions to counter such threats, combining (social) psychological perspectives with communication sciences and public administration, and apply this to topics as conflict (e.g. polarization) and crisis management, risk perception and risk communication, crime prevention (e.g. cybercrime and undermining), restorative justice interventions, and sustainability. Technology plays a central role in our research and teaching – this is facilitated by our excellent BMSlab (including our state-of-the-art mobile lab facility).Additionally, we collaborate closely with partners from practice, such as National Crisis Centres, law enforcement agencies, energy consultants, ministries and Kenniscentrum Veilige Digitale Samenleving (Apeldoorn) and the Dutch Perspectief Herstelbemiddeling.We primarily teach in the educational bachelor and master programs of Psychology. We believe in a strong connection between research and teaching. The teaching/research ratio is 60/40 on average (depending on the success of attracting external funding).
You are in possession of a PhD and have a track record in social sciences (e.g. Psychology, Communication Sciences, Public Administration) preferably in relation to PCRS’ topics of interest described above (see also https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/pcrv/).You embrace the UT motto High Tech Human Touch and see(k) opportunities in working in a technical environment and with our exciting state-of-the-art BMSlab.You have a strong entrepreneurial and valorization orientation. You enjoy working in multidisciplinary teams as well as with partners from practice.You have a proven ability to attract external research funding.You have a passion for teaching and the ambition to constantly improve your teaching skills using new and engaging teaching methods.You have excellent communication skills. Your English is at least at the C1 level.You are in possession of a University Teaching Qualification (or similar), or are willing to earn one within three years.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
For more information, please contact dr. S. Zebel, chair of the Psychology of Conflict, Risk & Safety. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. S. Zebel.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_195c4ebd&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4048323608,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_bb8768bc&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4048323608,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
14,public administration,Glassdoor,4047186416,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section CS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) interdisciplinary approaches to online social movements using big data analytics.The increase of social movements in contemporay society is enhanced by community-building via online platforms. Some of these movements are open and look for public support. Their successes are measured by the amount of support received and initiatives that go viral (e.g. the ALS Ice bucket challenge), or their influence on public opinion (e.g. criticism of governmental corona policies by experts or conspiracy theorists). Other movements are successful by remaining in the dark, becoming secretive tribes of like-minded people around themes and goals that are constructive (e.g. victim support groups) or destructive (e.g. pro-anorexia). Aiming for positive social change, connecting people and fostering resilience, we want to explore the nature of such movements and its core behavioural characteristics. This can be done with a broad range of (mixed) methods: from big data analytics (e.g. sentiment and network analyses) to case studies.We are looking for a new colleague who will use innovative research methods (e.g., data science) in order to advance our understanding of the mechnisms underlying online social movements. You will share our ambition to find solutions to questions such as: What is the role of algorithmes in building online sentiments / threats? How do social media give rise to filter bubbles? What social patterns play their parts and how do they influence behaviors on social media? How can we innovate social sciences with digital technologies and data science? Improving our understanding of online social movements, their social tipping points, or how they sustain momentum, is crucial for continuing to address critical societal challenges, such as poverty, climate change, or global health.THE CHALLANGEYou will contribute to education and research in the above mentioned context. As a teacher you will contribute to modules in bachelor and master programs of communication science, but also psychology and public administration. You will outline research topics for Bachelor and Master theses that you will supervise. For more information about the education programs, see Communication Science; Public Administration; Psychology. In your research you will contribute to the interdisciplinary research domains of resilience in the faculty BMS. Preferably, you integrate various disciplinary perspectives (communication, psychology, sociology, governance) into more comprehensive models of behaviour change and applications of new technologies.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences in relation to social media and/or online social movements.Your have a specific interest for technological innovation in the context of social science.You have experience in practicing data science (and are equiped in big data analytics techniques) and are able to understand and follow algorithmic logic.You are a passionate teacher preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of communication, psychology and/or public administration.You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant acquistion.You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in English.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationFor more information, please contact prof. dr. (Alexander) van Deursen, chair of the research group Communication Science: a.j.a.m.vandeursen@utwente.nl. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, at the attention of prof. dr. Alexander van Deursen.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe vacancy is for the section Communication Science which is part of the HIB-department. The HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section CS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) interdisciplinary approaches to online social movements using big data analytics.The increase of social movements in contemporay society is enhanced by community-building via online platforms. Some of these movements are open and look for public support. Their successes are measured by the amount of support received and initiatives that go viral (e.g. the ALS Ice bucket challenge), or their influence on public opinion (e.g. criticism of governmental corona policies by experts or conspiracy theorists). Other movements are successful by remaining in the dark, becoming secretive tribes of like-minded people around themes and goals that are constructive (e.g. victim support groups) or destructive (e.g. pro-anorexia). Aiming for positive social change, connecting people and fostering resilience, we want to explore the nature of such movements and its core behavioural characteristics. This can be done with a broad range of (mixed) methods: from big data analytics (e.g. sentiment and network analyses) to case studies.We are looking for a new colleague who will use innovative research methods (e.g., data science) in order to advance our understanding of the mechnisms underlying online social movements. You will share our ambition to find solutions to questions such as: What is the role of algorithmes in building online sentiments / threats? How do social media give rise to filter bubbles? What social patterns play their parts and how do they influence behaviors on social media? How can we innovate social sciences with digital technologies and data science? Improving our understanding of online social movements, their social tipping points, or how they sustain momentum, is crucial for continuing to address critical societal challenges, such as poverty, climate change, or global health.THE CHALLANGEYou will contribute to education and research in the above mentioned context. As a teacher you will contribute to modules in bachelor and master programs of communication science, but also psychology and public administration. You will outline research topics for Bachelor and Master theses that you will supervise. For more information about the education programs, see Communication Science; Public Administration; Psychology. In your research you will contribute to the interdisciplinary research domains of resilience in the faculty BMS. Preferably, you integrate various disciplinary perspectives (communication, psychology, sociology, governance) into more comprehensive models of behaviour change and applications of new technologies.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences in relation to social media and/or online social movements.Your have a specific interest for technological innovation in the context of social science.You have experience in practicing data science (and are equiped in big data analytics techniques) and are able to understand and follow algorithmic logic.You are a passionate teacher preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of communication, psychology and/or public administration.You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant acquistion.You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in English.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
For more information, please contact prof. dr. (Alexander) van Deursen, chair of the research group Communication Science: a.j.a.m.vandeursen@utwente.nl. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, at the attention of prof. dr. Alexander van Deursen.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe vacancy is for the section Communication Science which is part of the HIB-department. The HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8d285b15&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4047186416,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7dafce10&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4047186416,8d,8d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
15,public administration,Glassdoor,4049432880,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e86565fb&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4049432880,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
16,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588566,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Leiden,Leiden,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9e9f5f2c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588566,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
17,public administration,Glassdoor,4050218973,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Page Personnel,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7b13f6a2&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4050218973,6d,6d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
18,public administration,Glassdoor,3624238806,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Capgemini,Utrecht,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=37049&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_81725d14&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=3624238806,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
19,public administration,Glassdoor,4055645767,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),ViacomCBS Amsterdam,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_af005340&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4055645767,24u,24u,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
20,public administration,Glassdoor,4045409717,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b344cc70&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4045409717,9d,9d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
21,public administration,Glassdoor,4049823127,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e41b9298&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4049823127,6d,6d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
22,public administration,Glassdoor,4043796289,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Octagon Professionals,Noordwijk,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=25073&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8c93f3ec&cb=1617883653070&jobListingId=4043796289,12d,12d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
23,public administration,Glassdoor,4054186361,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Europese School Bergen,Bergen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Onderwijs,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1044318&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7fdd5f3e&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4054186361,1d,1d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
24,public administration,Glassdoor,4043776591,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_92c29525&cb=1617883653059&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b7ee13b4&cb=1617883653059&jobListingId=4043776591,12d,12d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
25,public administration,Glassdoor,4012310424,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Government and care,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.Your JobAs a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.
Your backgroundMaster’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc0-2 yearsof relevant working experienceAffinity with innovation and technologyFluent in Dutch and EnglishOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b3969af2&cb=1617883653060&jobListingId=4012310424,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_74054f5f&cb=1617883653060&jobListingId=4012310424,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
26,public administration,Glassdoor,4047862258,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of public administration and digital transformation.THE CHALLENGEContemporary processes of digital transformation are marked by the convergence of digital, biological and physical innovations that reshape society. Such processes are marked by disruptive and emerging technologies, which blur the boundary between digital and physical worlds and ignite new (and radical) administrative reforms needed for rethinking and redesigning public governance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of contemporary challenges of digital transformation, such as algorithmic governance, cybersecurity, crisis management, digital surveillance or digitalization of public services. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary challenges of digital transformation in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to developing research in the above-mentioned areas the position has teaching responsibilities in public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance in various educational programs of our faculty, including the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop expertise in novel research methods.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to cybersecurity and cyber resilience in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary challenges, such as algorithmic governance, digital transformation, cybersecurity, or changing public services;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationDo you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of public administration and digital transformation.THE CHALLENGEContemporary processes of digital transformation are marked by the convergence of digital, biological and physical innovations that reshape society. Such processes are marked by disruptive and emerging technologies, which blur the boundary between digital and physical worlds and ignite new (and radical) administrative reforms needed for rethinking and redesigning public governance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of contemporary challenges of digital transformation, such as algorithmic governance, cybersecurity, crisis management, digital surveillance or digitalization of public services. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary challenges of digital transformation in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to developing research in the above-mentioned areas the position has teaching responsibilities in public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance in various educational programs of our faculty, including the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop expertise in novel research methods.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to cybersecurity and cyber resilience in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary challenges, such as algorithmic governance, digital transformation, cybersecurity, or changing public services;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
Do you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d199adb5&cb=1617883653061&jobListingId=4047862258,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_263362fa&cb=1617883653061&jobListingId=4047862258,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
27,public administration,Glassdoor,4045409359,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"Tilburg Law School is looking for a Professor in International Data Governance (1.0 FTE)Department : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : Tilburg, The NetherlandsScientific discipline : Science and Technology Studies (STS), law, public administration, ethics, political and legal philosophyFull time equivalent : 1.0 fte (40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 5 yearsMonthly full time salary : € 5,749 - € 8,371 grossA new chair in International Data GovernanceAt TILT, we have a vacancy for a professor of international data governance. This chair is embedded in the ‘governance’ segment of the TILT research program and will contribute to both comparative and normative analysis of data governance models and practices worldwide. Work on governance is central to TILT’ research as it involves the study of both the structural conditions under which regulation and normative notions can have effect. As importantly, it interrogates the political and societal architectures which generate and shape normative notions about technology and which affect the conceptualization and operationalization of regulation. Research on data governance touches on law, social science, economics, and Science & Technology Studies. It focuses on the landscape of data technologies including how these technologies are produced (including the fields of research, innovation and market creation); used (including applications such as AI and machine learning, data analytics and data science) and regulated (by law, economic and social policy, and design). The normative component of this research agenda involves understanding how fundamental values become translated (or not) into rights and norms in different regions, the extent to which those differing perspectives can be reconciled on a fundamental level, and how that reconciliation might be done in terms of law, politics and practice.The study of governance necessitates an interdisciplinary set of approaches ranging from political economy and public administration to sociological and philosophical theory. It focuses on the interaction of power, politics and normative frameworks in issues such as regulation, institution-building and enforcement. The study of technology governance in particular has a strong multidisciplinary character and plays a role in linking and underpinning the different pillars of LTMS’s research agenda (which currently center on innovation and competition, privacy and data protection, intellectual property, accountability and liability, and cybersecurity).The governance of data technologies necessitates a research scope that goes beyond the EU/US axis and that is inclusive of, but not limited to, legal and regulatory concerns. This scope incorporates an understanding of the global landscape of technology development and regulation, given that the production and trading of data occurs across borders and jurisdictions. From this perspective, the study of data governance involves the ways in which different (geo)political and economic contexts shape the aims, institutions and processes of law and regulation. Relevant concerns to this research chair include responsibility and accountability with respect to the design and operation of data technologies; the intersection of rights-based visions of data governance with the political economy of technological innovation, and framings of justice with regard to governing data technologies. Bodies of theory relevant to this position include, but are not limited to, the domains of Science and Technology Studies (STS), law, public administration, ethics and both political and legal philosophy.This position involves bridging between technical and social scientific perspectives and communities, as well as understanding the global landscape of data technology and its regulation. Translation takes place partly on the level of TILT and Tilburg University through conducting interdisciplinary research, field-building and teaching, but is also essential for societal and policy engagement on issues of data governance.Job description: Tasks1. Research (50-60%)Initiating and developing new research projects within the area of the chair, with acquisition of second-stream (NWO, ERC, EU) and third-stream fundingContributing to shaping the data governance research agenda on the university and international levelConducting and supervising research on key themes in the area of the chair as part of the research program, covering both general issues in technology governance and specific questions of topical, domain-specific challengesContributing to academic culture in TILT/LTMS with motivating and inspiring academic leadershipThrough the research developed in this area, seeking and developing links on the global level to research organizations aligned with the research agenda of LTMS2. Teaching 20-30%Supervising PhD studentsTeaching at masters and bachelors level as part of TILT’s contribution across the university and its related programs (topic dependent on expertise)Supervising (a limited number of) Masters theses3. Service 20%Playing an active part in TILT and LTMS management, and being willing to contribute to academic management of the faculty and universityContributing to the dissemination of knowledge in academia, policy, and societyContributing to the financial stability of the department by raising funds in research and/or education and coaching junior researchers in grant applicationsJob Requirements, profileThe successful candidate is expected to have:A background in an appropriate discipline, including but not limited to Science and Technology Studies (STS), critical data studies, law, public administration, or (legal) philosophy.A track record in research including a PhD and international, high-quality publications.International research experience in different regional contexts, preferably with regard to both high- and lower-income countries, and an understanding of regional policy concerns and legal/regulatory frameworks with regard to data governance.Interest and demonstrated ability in interdisciplinary research and in translating between the disciplinary domains relevant to technology governance.A strong track record in acquisition of funding, including national or international research grants as well as engagement with other types of funding.The candidate has both proven experience in PhD supervision and can demonstrate teaching skills and experience, including a UTQ (BKO) or willingness to get a UTQ and including in developing new courses or programs.Good communication skills and experience in management within academia.A good command of written and spoken English. If the candidate is not proficient in Dutch, s/he is expected to acquire a good passive command of Dutch within two years, allowing participation in meetings and reading texts in Dutch, and a good active command of Dutch within five years.Terms of EmploymentTilburg University has an excellent benefits package at its disposal and strives to provide a good work-life balance. Secondary employment conditions such as a study facilities scheme and the possibility of determining your terms of employment partly on an individual basis by means of a so-called choice model. The collective employment terms and conditions for Dutch universities apply. Depending on the candidate’s experience, the starting gross salary will vary between € 5,190 - € 6,317 for an associate professor and € 5,749 - € 8,371 per month (full time) for a professor based on scale 13 / H2 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities .Tilburg University has an transparent policy concerning terms of employment and actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by applying predetermined parameters based on candidates experienceEmployees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a period of (in principle) 5 years and 1.0 fte (40 hours per week).You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Professor Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, at R.E.Leenes@tilburguniversity.edu.Please apply for this position online before April 26, 2021. Address your letter of interest to prof. dr. Geert Vervaeke (Dean Tilburg Law School) and add a resume, publication list and your top three publications, recent teaching evaluations, grade list, research proposal and a minimum of three references, (including name, telephone number and email address). We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.Selection interviews will take place in the period from May 10, 2021 until May 28, 2021 with the possibility of a second interview round in the week of May 31, 2021 until June 4, 2021.The selection committee consists of:Prof. dr. Maurice Adams, Vice Dean and Chair of the selection committeeProf. dr. Ernst Hirsch Ballin, Vice DeanProf. dr. Nikolas Rajkovic, Head of Department Public Law & GovernanceProf.dr.mr. Eric Tjong Tjin Tai, Head of Department PBLLProf. dr. Toine Spapens, Head of Department Criminal LawProf. dr. Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, home of TILT & TILECProf. dr. Marjolijn Antheunis, External memberBerthilde Boukema, SecretaryMinimum 5 of the 8 mentioned members will be present during the interviews.Ideally, the preferred candidate would be able to start on 1 October 2021.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, more than 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.TILT The Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology, and Society (TILT) conducts research into the legal and social implications of digital technologies, including AI, robotics and health technologies. Strong pillars of research are regulation and governance of emerging technologies in general; competition, innovation and intellectual property; AI and robotics; privacy and data protection; cybercrime, surveillance, and cybersecurity; and health law and governance. A key feature of TILT’s research is its multidisciplinary approach involving interaction between legal, technological, and social perspectives.TILT strongly links research with education, offering an LL.M. program in Law & Technology featuring the main research fields and an emphasis on regulatory questions. In addition, TILT teaches in programs on Data Science and Global Law.TILT is consistently ranked a top institute for research and education by national and international Legal Research and Education Assessment Committees. With 78 researchers, it is one of the largest centers in the field of technology regulation. Together with the Tilburg Law and Economics Center (TILEC), TILT forms the Department of Law, Technology, Markets and Society within Tilburg Law School. TILT and TILEC are top players in the fields of the regulation of technology and its normative implications, and law and economics, respectively.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.
Prof. dr. Maurice Adams, Vice Dean and Chair of the selection committeeProf. dr. Ernst Hirsch Ballin, Vice DeanProf. dr. Nikolas Rajkovic, Head of Department Public Law & GovernanceProf.dr.mr. Eric Tjong Tjin Tai, Head of Department PBLLProf. dr. Toine Spapens, Head of Department Criminal LawProf. dr. Ronald Leenes, Head of Department LTMS, home of TILT & TILECProf. dr. Marjolijn Antheunis, External memberBerthilde Boukema, Secretary",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3601b5fa&cb=1617883653063&jobListingId=4045409359,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_5d247f47&cb=1617883653063&jobListingId=4045409359,9d,9d,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
28,public administration,Glassdoor,4047862263,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of Smart City Governance.THE CHALLENGESmart cities can be understood as governance systems in which new urban technologies are used for providing public services for the city or for regions, for advancing urban sustainability governance, or for purposes of urban surveillance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of urban and regional governance. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary urban and regional challenges in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to conducting research, the position includes teaching public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance, and smart city governance in various educational programs of our faculty, specifically the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop and strengthen expertise in novel research methods.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to digital transformation in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary technological developments in contexts such as smart cities or digital transformation;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or are willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationDo you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PA in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of Smart City Governance.THE CHALLENGESmart cities can be understood as governance systems in which new urban technologies are used for providing public services for the city or for regions, for advancing urban sustainability governance, or for purposes of urban surveillance. We seek a talented new colleague with a background in the broad field of public administration and an interest in or experience with the study of urban and regional governance. This position is an exciting opportunity for co-developing and contributing to innovative public administration research aimed at generating new understanding of governance, policy, and public management responses to today’s contemporary urban and regional challenges in the public domain, in interaction with stakeholders in the field. Next to conducting research, the position includes teaching public administration, policy studies and/or (international) public governance, and smart city governance in various educational programs of our faculty, specifically the BSc Management, Society & Technology, BSc Public Governance Across Borders, the MSc Public Administration and the MSc European Studies.You contribute to research, teaching, and knowledge valorisation. You will:carry out research in the exciting field of public administration and governance, public policy, and public management in a transforming societal context, within the section of Public Administration;co-develop new research line that fits with multi-disciplinary (public administration, psychology and communication science) approach to transformations of the public domain;teach in bachelor and master programs of Public Administration (including European Studies), Communication Science and Psychology. For more information about the education programs, see Public Administration and European Studies; Communication Science; Psychology;expand your network and acquire external research funding;contribute to our interdisciplinary research domains of resilience, emerging technologies and societal transformations, or health in the Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS);develop and strengthen expertise in novel research methods.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences (such as public administration, policy studies, governance sciences, public affairs, European studies, political science, urban studies, etc.), preferably with an interest in psychology and/or communication science;You are interested in multidisciplinary approaches to digital transformation in the public domain;You are able to assume an inspiring role as a public administration scholar in multi-disciplinary research;Your have a research interest for contemporary technological developments in contexts such as smart cities or digital transformation;You are a passionate teacher, preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification or are willing to acquire one, and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of public administration, European studies, communication science and/or psychology;You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant-acquistion;You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in Dutch and / or in English and willing to learn Dutch.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
Do you wish to be part of an exciting, newly developing department that researches and teaches on public administration, public policy and public governance in transforming societal and technological environments? Join our team and strive to have a significant and balanced impact on public administration research and society.For more information, please contact dr. Ringo Ossewaarde, chair of the Public Administration Section. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. R. Ossewaarde.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3091be8a&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4047862263,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_83f20948&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4047862263,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
29,public administration,Glassdoor,4007883069,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Accenture,Amsterdam,Consulting,Government and care,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.Your JobAs a Management Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.Your teamOur consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.
Your backgroundMaster’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc3-6 years relevant working experience (e.g. Consulting)Affinity with innovation and technologyFluent in Dutch and EnglishOur offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Inge Neuteboom through inge.neuteboom@accenture.com.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_5a9e8b3e&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4007883069,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_64d52397&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4007883069,19d,19d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
30,public administration,Glassdoor,4037488886,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Two Associate Professors of Transformation ManagementEmployment: 0.8 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 6,317Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 2 yearsApplication deadline: 18 April 2021We are looking forThe Department of Business Administration at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for two associate professors in the field of transformation management. Organisations face new societal expectations, changing institutional influences and threats to their business continuity, but they can also play an active role in the transition to sustainable change. To meet these grand challenges and change the status quo and develop new ways of organizing and working responsibly, contemporary organisations require transformation management. Our department seeks to educate students for future challenges through our integral Business Administration study programme. Our interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation addresses the multiple values underlying responsibility, the conditions required to realise those values and interventions geared to the transition of organising for responsibility.The new positions are expected to contribute to this programme with expertise on transformation management either in the area of transformational change in and across organisations or in the field of leadership for transformational change. Combining teaching and research skills, you should be able to inspire students conducting cutting-edge research on organisational change. You will teach courses in the Bachelor's and the Master's programmes in Business Administration, conduct research in line with the Responsible Organisation programme, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with businesses and academics, and contribute to central and departmental administration and management tasks.We askA PhD degree in business administration, management and organisation, or social sciences.A pipeline of publications and an excellent reputation within the field of transformation management, evidenced by a strong publication record in internationally recognised, high-quality social sciences and management journals.The ambition and proven ability to attract research funding.Teaching experience, effective teaching skills, and the capacity to develop and implement innovative teaching methods. A Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO or UKO) or equivalent would be an advantage.Proven ability to inspire and supervise young scholars (PhD candidates).Proven ability to cooperate with and inspire a team of professionals.Strong connections to organisational and business practice.International experience and network.Academic leadership qualities in line with Radboud University's leadership vision document on courage, connection and opennessExcellent English language skills and a willingness to learn Dutch (if applicable).The willingness to collaborate with members within the department and with chair groups in other disciplines at NSM.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.The mission of the Department of Business Administration is to educate future leaders in responsible business, offering an integral Business Administration programme focusing on societal problems and social processes in organisations. We co-create knowledge with multiple stakeholders in the wider community to ensure the impact of our scholarly work. There are five chair groups: Marketing, Organization Design and Development, Strategic Management, Strategic HRM, and Research and Intervention Methodology. Together, we are responsible for the BSc programmes in Business Administration (including a full track in English, and a track in International Business Administration) as well as eight specialisations within the MSc programme in Business Administration (all in English).NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School. In addition to the interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation, there are six multidisciplinary research groups at IMR dedicated to strategic and scientifically and societally relevant issues. IMR also hosts the Individual Decision lab and Group Decision lab, which are especially suited for studying collaboration in complex contexts and collective decision-making.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.8 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 6,317 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 13).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: Fixed-term contract for two years, with the possibility of extension depending on performance.The intended start date is 1 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. dr. Yvonne Benschop, Head of Department Business AdministrationEmail: y.benschop@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to prof. dr. Yvonne Benschop and submit it, no later than 18 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation.CV.Job market paper.Research statement.Teaching statement.Teaching evaluations.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021. The second round of interviews will take place on Monday 10 May 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Department of Business Administration at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for two associate professors in the field of transformation management. Organisations face new societal expectations, changing institutional influences and threats to their business continuity, but they can also play an active role in the transition to sustainable change. To meet these grand challenges and change the status quo and develop new ways of organizing and working responsibly, contemporary organisations require transformation management. Our department seeks to educate students for future challenges through our integral Business Administration study programme. Our interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation addresses the multiple values underlying responsibility, the conditions required to realise those values and interventions geared to the transition of organising for responsibility.
The new positions are expected to contribute to this programme with expertise on transformation management either in the area of transformational change in and across organisations or in the field of leadership for transformational change. Combining teaching and research skills, you should be able to inspire students conducting cutting-edge research on organisational change. You will teach courses in the Bachelor's and the Master's programmes in Business Administration, conduct research in line with the Responsible Organisation programme, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with businesses and academics, and contribute to central and departmental administration and management tasks.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning.
NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.The mission of the Department of Business Administration is to educate future leaders in responsible business, offering an integral Business Administration programme focusing on societal problems and social processes in organisations. We co-create knowledge with multiple stakeholders in the wider community to ensure the impact of our scholarly work. There are five chair groups: Marketing, Organization Design and Development, Strategic Management, Strategic HRM, and Research and Intervention Methodology. Together, we are responsible for the BSc programmes in Business Administration (including a full track in English, and a track in International Business Administration) as well as eight specialisations within the MSc programme in Business Administration (all in English).NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School. In addition to the interdisciplinary research programme on Responsible Organisation, there are six multidisciplinary research groups at IMR dedicated to strategic and scientifically and societally relevant issues. IMR also hosts the Individual Decision lab and Group Decision lab, which are especially suited for studying collaboration in complex contexts and collective decision-making.
Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f20cc709&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4037488886,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_edba405a&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4037488886,19d,19d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
31,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588483,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Leiden,Leiden,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"Vacaturenr.21-139Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functiesOmvang (fte)0.75Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op23 maart 2021Sluitingsdatum19 april 2021The Faculty of Humanities, Institute for History, has aPostdoc Position“Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of Others”Key responsibilitiesAs per September 1, 2021, the Leiden University Institute for History will be appointing a postdoc researcher within the NWO-funded VICI project Exploiting the Empire of Others: Dutch Investment in Foreign Colonial Resources, 1570-1800, supervised by Professor Cátia Antunes. The responsibilities are:Conducting research on the history of scientific codes of conduct;Writing 4 single authored and 2 co-authored articles for publication in peer-reviewed journals (alternatively one single authored monograph submitted to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to one co-edited volume (for submission to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to the development of the project’s datasets (jointly with the rest of the team);Co-organizing workshops and organizing panels for major international conferences;Contributing actively to team work (e.g., serving as a peer reviewer for other team members, contributing to the project deliverables, liaise with societal partners).Selection criteriaPhD degree in History, preferably in Economic and Social History, Colonial/Imperialism History or Global History (focus on Early Modern period);Relevant publications (journal articles, book chapters, single authored monography);Broad paleographic skills of Early Modern documents in different languagesExperience of complex, splintered public and private archivesLanguage skills: proficiency in English, knowledge of Dutch (reading), German (reading), French (reading), Spanish (basic), Portuguese (basic), Italian (basic) and LatinExcellent writing skills, preferably able to write proficiently in English and at least one other Western European language;Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team;Proven ability to work in in a large, dynamic and ambitious international team, embedded in a highly competitive environment.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is rich in expertise in fields such as philosophy, religious studies, history, art history, literature, linguistics, international studies and area studies, covering nearly every region of the world. With its staff of 930, the faculty provides 27 masters and 25 bachelors programmes for over 6,000 students based at locations in Leiden’s historic city centre and in modern buildings in The Hague. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The project Exploiting the Empire of Others can be summarized as follows. Early Modern European empires are portrayed and perceived as nationally geared enterprises, as entangled spaces at the peripheries and as zones of contact. In the Netherlands, these perceptions have filtered into the public debate that seeks to define material and immaterial responsibilities for the colonial past. What the historiographical perceptions, academic portrayals and public debate seem, however, to ignore is the role played by foreigners (being non-subjects of a specific king or republic) I exploiting the empires of other countries. This project will establish how and why Dutch entrepreneurs (being those taking risks in matters of trade or production, introducing innovations, making decisions based on information that others did not possess and searching for opportunities where most perceived risk) participated in exploiting the English, French and Iberian Empires, as Dutch firms are particularly prominent in the European colonial landscape. Since Dutch entrepreneurs engaged in exploiting the resources of other countries, what is the future of the public debate in the Netherlands, and Europe at large, regarding a shared responsibility for the colonial past?The answer(s) to these questions can be found in the multiple public and private archives that house extensive collections of the firms that operated from the Dutch Republic into the four largest empires in Western Europe. By combining original and recently uncovered archival sources pertaining to the relevant men (and some women), businesses and activities and their relationships with fellow traders, investors and political powers in situ, this project carries the seed to change commonly held perceptions regarding Dutch colonial participation and how these perceptions are often filtered into the public debate. This socio-economic entanglement of empires may have resulted in a shared European culture of exploitation that is impossible to disentangle within public debates that remain nationally bound. Within this overarching project, a 0.75 FTE, 36-months postdoc position is available.Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of OthersIn this subproject, the successful applicant will be asked to conceptualize the investment of Dutch firms in the empire of others having as starting point three specific themes: cash crops (and associated allocation of labour), natural resources and tax farming. The analysis will be approached from the point of view of the firm and the mechanisms of management of complex portfolios that included, at times simultaneously, the exploitation of multiple sources of income and revenue.In terms of exploitation of revenue, and often through mechanisms of public debt, many Dutch firms became entangled in the political and expansionist projects of different monarchies. In this context, the postdoc will be invited to reflect upon the consequences of this entanglement for the development of specific and common features of the political economy of European empires and the pre-imperialist association between private capital and public administration of empire.Terms and conditionsThe postdoc position is part-time (0.75 FTE). The successful applicant will receive a 1 year contract, renewable for another 2 years, depending on positive evaluation of team work and outputs.The salary is in accordance with the collective salary agreement of the Association of Dutch Universities (CAO) and depending on qualifications and experience, the gross monthly salary is € 2,790.- (scale 10) to € 5,127.- (scale 11) for a full working week.The salary will be in accordance with qualifications and work experience, in scale 10 or 11 (Collective Labor Agreement of the Dutch Universities). An appointment with Leiden University includes a pension build-up and facilitates other benefits such as an annual holiday premium of 8% and an end-of-year premium of 8.3%.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationIn case of urgent questions, please contact Professor Cátia Antunes, email c.a.p.antunes@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationsApplications should be submitted in English and include a:Cover letter;Curriculum vitae with a list of publications;Statement of purpose (please elaborate on how you will approach the project, define/advance possible case studies, define your sphere of action within the team);Copy of one significant academic output (PhD dissertation, article, monography);Proof of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers or those without an undergraduate degree obtained in The Netherlands or an English-speaking country (IELTS 7.0 or lower will only be considered in exceptional circumstances, e.g. in the case of other compensatory factors such as unique experience and expertise);List of (maximum) two referees to your application (with full postal addresses, telephone numbers, and emails). Referees will be contacted directly by the search committee.Applications should be submitted no later than 19 April 2021 via the blue button in our application system . Please quote the vacancy number in your application. All requested documents should be sent in PDF format.An interview with the search committee is part of the procedure.
Vacaturenr.21-139Functie-categorieWetenschappelijke functiesOmvang (fte)0.75Extern/internExternLocatieLeidenGeplaatst op23 maart 2021Sluitingsdatum19 april 2021
Vacaturenr.
21-139
Functie-categorie
Wetenschappelijke functies
Omvang (fte)
0.75
Extern/intern
Extern
Locatie
Leiden
Geplaatst op
23 maart 2021
Sluitingsdatum
19 april 2021
The Faculty of Humanities, Institute for History, has aPostdoc Position“Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of Others”Key responsibilitiesAs per September 1, 2021, the Leiden University Institute for History will be appointing a postdoc researcher within the NWO-funded VICI project Exploiting the Empire of Others: Dutch Investment in Foreign Colonial Resources, 1570-1800, supervised by Professor Cátia Antunes. The responsibilities are:Conducting research on the history of scientific codes of conduct;Writing 4 single authored and 2 co-authored articles for publication in peer-reviewed journals (alternatively one single authored monograph submitted to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to one co-edited volume (for submission to a prominent academic publisher);Contribute to the development of the project’s datasets (jointly with the rest of the team);Co-organizing workshops and organizing panels for major international conferences;Contributing actively to team work (e.g., serving as a peer reviewer for other team members, contributing to the project deliverables, liaise with societal partners).Selection criteriaPhD degree in History, preferably in Economic and Social History, Colonial/Imperialism History or Global History (focus on Early Modern period);Relevant publications (journal articles, book chapters, single authored monography);Broad paleographic skills of Early Modern documents in different languagesExperience of complex, splintered public and private archivesLanguage skills: proficiency in English, knowledge of Dutch (reading), German (reading), French (reading), Spanish (basic), Portuguese (basic), Italian (basic) and LatinExcellent writing skills, preferably able to write proficiently in English and at least one other Western European language;Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team;Proven ability to work in in a large, dynamic and ambitious international team, embedded in a highly competitive environment.Our organisationThe Faculty of Humanities is rich in expertise in fields such as philosophy, religious studies, history, art history, literature, linguistics, international studies and area studies, covering nearly every region of the world. With its staff of 930, the faculty provides 27 masters and 25 bachelors programmes for over 6,000 students based at locations in Leiden’s historic city centre and in modern buildings in The Hague. For more information, see the website of Humanities.The project Exploiting the Empire of Others can be summarized as follows. Early Modern European empires are portrayed and perceived as nationally geared enterprises, as entangled spaces at the peripheries and as zones of contact. In the Netherlands, these perceptions have filtered into the public debate that seeks to define material and immaterial responsibilities for the colonial past. What the historiographical perceptions, academic portrayals and public debate seem, however, to ignore is the role played by foreigners (being non-subjects of a specific king or republic) I exploiting the empires of other countries. This project will establish how and why Dutch entrepreneurs (being those taking risks in matters of trade or production, introducing innovations, making decisions based on information that others did not possess and searching for opportunities where most perceived risk) participated in exploiting the English, French and Iberian Empires, as Dutch firms are particularly prominent in the European colonial landscape. Since Dutch entrepreneurs engaged in exploiting the resources of other countries, what is the future of the public debate in the Netherlands, and Europe at large, regarding a shared responsibility for the colonial past?The answer(s) to these questions can be found in the multiple public and private archives that house extensive collections of the firms that operated from the Dutch Republic into the four largest empires in Western Europe. By combining original and recently uncovered archival sources pertaining to the relevant men (and some women), businesses and activities and their relationships with fellow traders, investors and political powers in situ, this project carries the seed to change commonly held perceptions regarding Dutch colonial participation and how these perceptions are often filtered into the public debate. This socio-economic entanglement of empires may have resulted in a shared European culture of exploitation that is impossible to disentangle within public debates that remain nationally bound. Within this overarching project, a 0.75 FTE, 36-months postdoc position is available.Dutch Entrepreneurial Exploitation of Cash Crops and Natural Resources (Including Tax Farming) in the Colonies of OthersIn this subproject, the successful applicant will be asked to conceptualize the investment of Dutch firms in the empire of others having as starting point three specific themes: cash crops (and associated allocation of labour), natural resources and tax farming. The analysis will be approached from the point of view of the firm and the mechanisms of management of complex portfolios that included, at times simultaneously, the exploitation of multiple sources of income and revenue.In terms of exploitation of revenue, and often through mechanisms of public debt, many Dutch firms became entangled in the political and expansionist projects of different monarchies. In this context, the postdoc will be invited to reflect upon the consequences of this entanglement for the development of specific and common features of the political economy of European empires and the pre-imperialist association between private capital and public administration of empire.Terms and conditionsThe postdoc position is part-time (0.75 FTE). The successful applicant will receive a 1 year contract, renewable for another 2 years, depending on positive evaluation of team work and outputs.The salary is in accordance with the collective salary agreement of the Association of Dutch Universities (CAO) and depending on qualifications and experience, the gross monthly salary is € 2,790.- (scale 10) to € 5,127.- (scale 11) for a full working week.The salary will be in accordance with qualifications and work experience, in scale 10 or 11 (Collective Labor Agreement of the Dutch Universities). An appointment with Leiden University includes a pension build-up and facilitates other benefits such as an annual holiday premium of 8% and an end-of-year premium of 8.3%.DiversityLeiden University is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups.InformationIn case of urgent questions, please contact Professor Cátia Antunes, email c.a.p.antunes@hum.leidenuniv.nl.ApplicationsApplications should be submitted in English and include a:Cover letter;Curriculum vitae with a list of publications;Statement of purpose (please elaborate on how you will approach the project, define/advance possible case studies, define your sphere of action within the team);Copy of one significant academic output (PhD dissertation, article, monography);Proof of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers or those without an undergraduate degree obtained in The Netherlands or an English-speaking country (IELTS 7.0 or lower will only be considered in exceptional circumstances, e.g. in the case of other compensatory factors such as unique experience and expertise);List of (maximum) two referees to your application (with full postal addresses, telephone numbers, and emails). Referees will be contacted directly by the search committee.Applications should be submitted no later than 19 April 2021 via the blue button in our application system . Please quote the vacancy number in your application. All requested documents should be sent in PDF format.An interview with the search committee is part of the procedure.
",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_eb883d65&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4040588483,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b6923cf2&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=4040588483,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
32,public administration,Glassdoor,3801347740,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Syneos Health Clinical,Nederland,Biotechnologie en farmacie,Government and care,"Site Start-Up & Regulatory Specialist, sponsorbased Netherlands - (21001435)DescriptionWhy Syneos Health? Join a game-changing company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Created through the merger of two industry leading companies, INC Research and inVentiv Health, we bring together more than 24,000 clinical and commercial minds to create a better, smarter, faster way to get biopharmaceutical therapies into the hands of patients who need them most. Evolve in a global company that is always looking for ways to work smarter and more efficiently as the only fully integrated Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. You'll be supported with comprehensive resources based on today's emerging technologies, data, science and knowledge - instead of practices from the past. Teaming with some of the most talented professionals in the industry, you'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to over-deliver and outperform. A career with Syneos Health means your everyday work improves patients’ lives around the world.For our client, a global pharmaceutical organization we are currently looking for a Country Submission Specialist. In this role you will be working from the Client’s office in Utrecht, Netherlands.JOB SUMMARYAdministers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements. May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives.JOB RESPONSIBILITIESAdministers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.QualificationsQUALIFICATION & REQUIREMENTSBA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.High level of contracts management experience.Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.Good vendor management skills.Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.Disclaimer:Tasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees.#LI-EW1Primary Location: Europe - NLD-Client BasedJob: Site OperationsSchedule: Full-timeTravel: NoEmployee Status: Regular
Site Start-Up & Regulatory Specialist, sponsorbased Netherlands - (21001435)

DescriptionWhy Syneos Health? Join a game-changing company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Created through the merger of two industry leading companies, INC Research and inVentiv Health, we bring together more than 24,000 clinical and commercial minds to create a better, smarter, faster way to get biopharmaceutical therapies into the hands of patients who need them most. Evolve in a global company that is always looking for ways to work smarter and more efficiently as the only fully integrated Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. You'll be supported with comprehensive resources based on today's emerging technologies, data, science and knowledge - instead of practices from the past. Teaming with some of the most talented professionals in the industry, you'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to over-deliver and outperform. A career with Syneos Health means your everyday work improves patients’ lives around the world.For our client, a global pharmaceutical organization we are currently looking for a Country Submission Specialist. In this role you will be working from the Client’s office in Utrecht, Netherlands.JOB SUMMARYAdministers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements. May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives.JOB RESPONSIBILITIESAdministers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.


QualificationsQUALIFICATION & REQUIREMENTSBA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.High level of contracts management experience.Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.Good vendor management skills.Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.Disclaimer:Tasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees.#LI-EW1

",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b065ba88&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=3801347740,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_10cf4129&cb=1617883653066&jobListingId=3801347740,23d,23d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
33,public administration,Glassdoor,4051195217,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant/Associate Professor of Environmental GovernanceEmployment: 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,826Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 2 years, with the possibility of extension to permanent position depending on performanceApplication deadline: 11 May 2021We are looking forThe Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant/Associate Professor in the field of (global) environmental governance.You will be expected to contribute to the development and implementation of the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will develop and teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a (global) environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant/Associate Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.We askA PhD degree in a relevant social scientific field (e.g. environmental studies, political science, public administration, sociology).An excellent reputation in (global) environmental governance, evidenced by publications in internationally recognised high-quality journals, and a track record in attracting research funds and realising societal impact.At least four years of experience in academic teaching and research in the field of global environmental governance, and management or coordination of research projects or educational programmes.Proven effective teaching skills evidenced by a Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO or UKO) or equivalent (experience with teaching quantitative methods would be an advantage).A clear research agenda and niche (theoretically, methodologically and empirically).A thorough understanding of and ambition for the transformative changes needed to address (one or different) major sustainability issues (biodiversity loss, climate change, pollution, land-use change, sustainable economies, environmental justice, animal welfare and rights).Proven ability to supervise PhD candidates.Substantial international experience and network (preferably in the global South).Excellent English language skills and willingness to learn Dutch (working knowledge of additional languages would be an advantage).Proven ability to collaborate in inter- and transdisciplinary teams.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Human Geography, Spatial Planning, and Environmental Governance and Politics.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School.The EGP chair group is a growing, inclusive and collaborative social scientific team of engaged researchers who aim to critically reflect on and contribute to sustainability transformations. We develop useful insights into the why and how of such processes, which can serve to enable, accelerate, deepen and broaden the transformation towards a global sustainable society. For this purpose, we engage in research, teaching and collaboration with societal partners. We are specialized in agriculture, animal, biodiversity, circular economy, climate change, energy, and freshwater governance. Since the chair group is embedded in the Department of Geography, Planning and Environment, we often approach sustainability issues from a spatial perspective. We focus on transdisciplinary research, incorporate futures studies, and mostly apply qualitative methods and comparative analyses. Theoretically, we mainly use discursive, institutional, and practice-based perspectives.RCSC represents Radboud University's network of researchers and teachers working on sustainability issues. It facilitates inter- and transdisciplinary research and encourages the development of a wide range of courses and study programmes relevant for sustainable development, thereby enhancing Radboud's impact on sustainability transformations.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,826 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 12).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience. Salary scale 13 may apply.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: fixed-term contract for two years, with the possibility of extension to a permanent position depending on performance.The intended start date is 15 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers, Chair Environmental Governance and PoliticsEmail: ingrid.visseren@ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers and submit it, no later than 11 May 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation or a video with your motivation (link in CV).CV.Research statement (max 400 words).Teaching statement (max 400 words).The first round of interviews will take place on Tuesday 25 May. The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 10 June.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant/Associate Professor in the field of (global) environmental governance.
You will be expected to contribute to the development and implementation of the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will develop and teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a (global) environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant/Associate Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.


Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3f74d06c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051195217,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_09836d9c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051195217,5d,5d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
34,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588391,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"Tilburg University | Tilburg Law Schoolis looking for aPostdoc researching data economyDepartment : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : TilburgScientific discipline : law, economics, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant fieldFull time equivalent : 0,8-1,0 fte (32-40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 18 monthsMonthly full time salary : € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11)The ERC-funded project INFO-LEG is looking for two postdoctoral researchers to study data practices and technologies (postdoc 1) and data economy (postdoc 2) to fundamentally restructure legal protection against information-driven harms. This is the vacancy announcement for postdoc 2. The appointment is in principle for a period of 18 months, starting September 1st 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The postdoc will be working under supervision of the PI of the project, Dr Nadya Purtova, and embedded at the Department of the Law, Technology, Markets and Society, part of the Law School of Tilburg University.Note: the start date of the project is subject to EU approval, which will apply as soon as the human resources for the project are in place.Job descriptionThe projectThe project aims to reinvent the current system of legal protection against negative effects of the data- and information technology-driven harms. In Europe this system is currently embodied in the data protection law (such as the GDPR) and is centered around the notion of personal data: the assumption underlying this system of protection is that if collection and use of personal data are regulated, information-technology related harms will be averted. Yet, using the concept of personal data as a trigger is not without problems. The boundary between data that is personal and not personal is increasingly less clear. Modern data collection and processing techniques as well as the growing spread of their uses across societal contexts (e.g. reliance on data and AI in decision-making by public authorities, policing, marketing) lead to a situation where any information can be personal data. Anchoring legal protection against digital harms in the concept “personal data” is a legacy of legislative choices made in the past, and alternative ways of structuring legal protection are possible.Given a broad meaning of personal data, a growing range of situations and problems falls within the ambit of data protection law, which is not equipped to deal with them all equally well. Simply narrowing down the concept of personal data would not do (where should we (re)draw the line?). The problem requires fundamental rethinking of the current approach to legal protection.The project looks to suggest alternative avenues for legal protection which are not conditional on the concept of personal data. We are looking for alternative ideas, concepts, or principles that would allow to restructure legal protection.TasksThe postdoc will contribute to the project by the study of data economy, for example, business models, actors and their incentives, place of data and code in that economy, etc. He/she will conduct theoretical research from the perspective of his/her disciplinary background, including the insights of economics in his/her work. The theoretical work will be complemented by the empirical study of data economy in 3 contexts: online advertising, smart grid and smart cities. He/she will be offered a contract of 18 months.Prior to applying it is advisable that the candidates get familiar with Dr. Purtova’s work, including:N. Purtova (2018) “The Law of Everything,” LIT 10(1) https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2018.1452176L Taylor & N. Purtova (2019) “What is sustainable and responsible data science?” Big Data & Society https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2053951719858114N. Purtova (2017) “Health Data for Common Good: Defining the Boundaries and Social Dilemmas of Data Commons” https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-48342-9_10N. Purtova (2015) The Illusion of personal data as noone’s property LIT https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2015.1052646N. Purtova (work in progress) “Code as personal data” Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3786673N. Purtova (work in progress) “From knowing by name to personalisation: meaning of identification under the GDPR” (available on request)In case of 1 fte employment (5-days work week), you will devote 80% of your time (4 days a week) to the INFO-LEG activities, and 1 day a week (20%) to other responsibilities, such as teaching, master thesis supervision and other tasks. In case of 0,8 fte employment (4-days work week), you will devote 100% of your time to the INFO-LEG activities.Job requirementsTilburg University believes that academic excellence is achieved through the combination of outstanding research and education, in which social impact is made by sharing knowledge. In doing so, we recognize that excellence is not only achieved through individual performance, but mostly through team effort in which each team member acts as a leader connecting people.Academic qualifications: a completed PhD (or a defense date set) in economics, law & technology, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant field;Research profile: demonstrable interest in data and tech economy, and their regulation/governance with a view to mitigate societal impacts; affinity with the issues of data protection law is a plus, but not required;Cognitive skills: clear, critical and creative thinking, ability to go against the grain of the mainstream scholarship and question established presumptions;Personal skills: ability to think and work independently, collegiality, ability to deliver results of high quality and on time, communicate effectively, both within a team and towards the academic community.Employment conditionsTilburg University offers excellent terms of employment. We believe flexibility, development, and good employee benefits are very important. We make clear agreements on career paths and offer all kinds of facilities and schemes to maintain an optimum balance between work and private life. Tilburg University fosters diversity and inclusion; that is why we pursue an active policy for inclusive teams where diverse talents can flourish.The starting gross salary varies between € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11) per month (full time) based on scale 11 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities . Tilburg University actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by strictly applying predetermined parameters based on the candidate’s experience. Employees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a fixed period of 18 months, for 0.8 - 1.0 fte (32 - 40 hours per week).You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year.It is a crucial part of the employment that you will be able to attend some parts of the job in person on campus.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Dr. Nadya Purtova at N.N.Purtova@tilburguniversity.eduPlease apply for this position online before April 25th, 2021 . Address your letter of interest to the section committee.The following documents should be submitted in support of your application:A CV, including degrees, courses and course grades, relevant projects, and brief description, conference presentations;A motivation letter explaining how your profile fits the project, date of availability, and how you envisage your contribution.A publication list;A PDF of your most relevant publication;Names of 2 referees with contact details.We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.First selection interviews take place on May 17th, 2021 . The 2nd round of interviews will take place on May 25th .The selection committee consists of:1. Chair: prof.dr. R.E. (Ronald) Leenes (Head of Department)2. Member: dr. N.N. (Nadya) Purtova (Project leader)3. Member: dr. L. (Linnet) Taylor4. Member: L. (Leonie) de Jong (Managing Director)5. Secretarial support: Femke AbousalamaThe preferred candidate should be able to start on 1 September 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The final decision for appointment is subject to funding from the EU.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, almost 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.The department LTMS is home of Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology and Society (TILT) and Tilburg Law & Economics Center (TILEC). By joining forces, the two centers foster a richer understanding on the effects of socio-technical change on the regulation and governance of economic activity in an age where information technology is a key driver for innovation.TILT is one of the leading research groups in Europe at the intersection of law, technology, and society. It is premised on the multidisciplinary study of socio-technical change, aiming at understanding the interaction of technology and social and normative practices, in order to clarify how regulatory challenges of socio-technical change can be addressed.TILEC is an internationally renowned center of the Tilburg Law School and the Tilburg School of Economics and Management. It carries out interdisciplinary research on the governance of economic activity in the digital age.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_938c59e6&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588391,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c8bedfce&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588391,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
35,public administration,Glassdoor,4051194967,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Environmental Governance (tenure track)Employment: 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 4 yearsApplication deadline: 11 May 2021We are looking forThe Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant Professor (tenure track) in the field of (global) environmental governance.You will be expected to contribute to the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a global environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.We askA PhD degree in a relevant social scientific field (e.g. environmental studies, political science, public administration, sociology).Thematically relevant publications in internationally recognised high-quality journals, and experience with attracting research funds and realising societal impact.A Dutch university teaching qualification (BKO) or equivalent (experience with teaching quantitative methods would be an advantage).A clear research agenda and niche (theoretically, methodologically and empirically).A thorough understanding of and ambition for the transformative changes needed to address (one or different) major sustainability issues (biodiversity loss, climate change, pollution, land-use change, sustainable economies, environmental justice, animal welfare and rights).Substantial international experience and network (preferably in the global South).Excellent English language skills and willingness to learn Dutch (working knowledge of additional languages would be an advantage).Proven ability to collaborate in inter- and transdisciplinary teams.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Human Geography, Spatial Planning, and Environmental Governance and Politics.NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. Its educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching, providing a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. NSM currently has approximately 5,000 students.NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Responsible governance for sustainable societies', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions. The academic debate is organised in the IMR Academy; the PhD programme is organised in the IMR Doctoral School.The EGP chair group is a growing, inclusive and collabortive social scientific team of engaged researchers who aim to critically reflect on and contribute to sustainability transformations. We develop useful insights into the why and how of such processes, which can serve to enable, accelerate, deepen and broaden the transformation towards a global sustainable society. For this purpose, we engage in research, teaching and collaboration with societal partners. We are specialized in agriculture, animal, biodiversity, circular economy, climate change, energy, and freshwater governance. Since the chair group is embedded in the Department of Geography, Planning and Environment, we often approach sustainability issues from a spatial perspective. We focus on transdisciplinary research, incorporate futures studies, and mostly apply qualitative methods and comparative analyses. Theoretically, we mainly use discursive, institutional, and practice-based perspectives.RCSC represents Radboud University's network of researchers and teachers working on sustainability issues. It facilitates inter- and transdisciplinary research and encourages the development of a wide range of courses and study programmes relevant for sustainable development, thereby enhancing Radboud's impact on sustainability transformations.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: tenure track (possibility for promotion to permanent contract at the Assistant Professor, Level 1 within 4 years)The intended start date is 15 August 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers, Chair Environmental Governance and PoliticsEmail: ingrid.visseren@ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Prof. Ingrid Visseren-Hamakers and submit it, no later than 11 May 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Letter of motivation or a video with your motivation (link in CV).CV.Research statement (max 400 words).Teaching statement (max 400 words).The first round of interviews will take place on Thursday 27 May. The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 10 June.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
The Chair Group of Environmental Governance and Politics (EGP) at the Nijmegen School of Management, Radboud University, is looking for an Assistant Professor (tenure track) in the field of (global) environmental governance.
You will be expected to contribute to the research and teaching programmes of the EGP chair group and the co-coordination of the Radboud Centre for Sustainability Challenges (RCSC). You will teach courses in the Bachelor's programme in Geography, Planning and Environment and the Master's programme in Environment and Society Studies (ESS). You will conduct disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and transdisciplinary research, publish in international high-quality journals, attract external funding for research projects, acquire and supervise PhD projects, build international networks with academics and societal partners, and contribute to general management and coordination tasks in the chair group, department and RCSC.We are looking for a colleague who can strengthen our research programme by proactively contributing to discussions on transformative change from a global environmental governance, earth system governance or multi-level governance perspective.The Assistant Professor position requires an aptitude for research and a strong track record in publications on our core themes, as well as a heart for teaching. Above all, we are seeking a highly motivated, committed and collaborative candidate with a cooperative attitude and strong team skills.


Radboud University",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6db13810&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051194967,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_60b151d8&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4051194967,5d,5d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
36,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588260,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Tilburg University,Tilburg,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"Tilburg Law School is looking for a Postdoc researching data practices and technologiesDepartment : LTMS, home of TILT and TILECLocation : TilburgScientific discipline : law, surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant fieldFull time equivalent : 0,8-1,0 fte (32-40 hours per week)Duration of employment agreement : 18 monthsMonthly full time salary : € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11)The ERC-funded project INFO-LEG is looking for two postdoctoral researchers to study data practices and technologies (postdoc 1) and data economy (postdoc 2) to fundamentally restructure legal protection against information-driven harms. This is the vacancy announcement for postdoc 1. The appointment is in principle for a period of 18 months, starting September 1st 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The postdocs will be working under supervision of the PI of the project, Dr. Nadya Purtova, and embedded at the Department of the Law, Technology, Markets and Society, part of the Law School of Tilburg University.Note: the start date of the project is subject to EU approval, which will apply as soon as the human resources for the project are in place.Job descriptionThe projectThe project aims to reinvent the current system of legal protection against negative effects of the data- and information technology-driven harms. In Europe this system is currently embodied in the data protection law (such as the GDPR) and is centered around the notion of personal data: the assumption underlying this system of protection is that if collection and use of personal data are regulated, information-technology related harms will be averted. Yet, using the concept of personal data as a trigger is not without problems. The boundary between data that is personal and not personal is increasingly less clear. Modern data collection and processing techniques as well as the growing spread of their uses across societal contexts (e.g. reliance on data and AI in decision-making by public authorities, policing, marketing) lead to a situation where any information can be personal data. Anchoring legal protection against digital harms in the concept “personal data” is a legacy of legislative choices made in the past, and alternative ways of structuring legal protection are possible.Given a broad meaning of personal data, a growing range of situations and problems falls within the ambit of data protection law, which is not equipped to deal with them all equally well. Simply narrowing down the concept of personal data would not do (where should we (re)draw the line?). The problem requires fundamental rethinking of the current approach to legal protection.The project looks to suggest alternative avenues for legal protection which are not conditional on the concept of personal data. We are looking for alternative ideas, concepts, or principles that would allow to restructure legal protection.TasksThe postdoc will contribute to the project by the study of data- and information technologies and practices. He/she will conduct theoretical research from the perspective of his/her discipline. The theoretical work will be complemented by the empirical study of data- and information technologies and practices in 3 contexts: online advertising, smart grid and smart cities. He/she will be offered a contract of 18 months.Prior to applying it is advisable that the candidates get familiar with Dr Purtova’s work, including:N. Purtova (2018) “The Law of Everything,” LIT 10(1) https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2018.1452176L Taylor & N. Purtova (2019) “What is sustainable and responsible data science?” Big Data & Society https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2053951719858114N. Purtova (2017) “Health Data for Common Good: Defining the Boundaries and Social Dilemmas of Data Commons”https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-48342-9_10N. Purtova (2015) The Illusion of personal data as noone’s property LIT https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17579961.2015.1052646N. Purtova (work in progress) “Code as personal data” Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3786673N. Purtova (work in progress) “From knowing by name to personalisation: meaning of identification under the GDPR” (available on request)In case of 1 fte employment (5-days work week), you will devote 80% of your time (4 days a week) to the INFO-LEG activities, and 1 day a week (20%) to other responsibilities, such as teaching, master thesis supervision and other tasks. In case of 0,8 fte employment (4-days work week), you will devote 100% of your time to the INFO-LEG activities.Job requirementsTilburg University believes that academic excellence is achieved through the combination of outstanding research and education, in which social impact is made by sharing knowledge. In doing so, we recognize that excellence is not only achieved through individual performance, but mostly through team effort in which each team member acts as a leader connecting people.Academic qualifications: a completed PhD in law & technology (or a defence date set), surveillance studies, STS, philosophy of technology, or another relevant field;Research profile: demonstrable interest in data technologies and practices, and their regulation/governance with a view to mitigate societal impacts; affinity with the issues of data protection law is a plus, but not required;Cognitive skills: clear, critical and creative thinking, ability to go against the grain of the mainstream scholarship and question established presumptions;Personal skills: ability to think and work independently, collegiality, ability to deliver results of high quality and on time, communicate effectively, both within a team and towards the academic community.Employment conditionsTilburg University offers excellent terms of employment. We believe flexibility, development, and good employee benefits are very important. We make clear agreements on career paths and offer all kinds of facilities and schemes to maintain an optimum balance between work and private life. Tilburg University fosters diversity and inclusion; that is why we pursue an active policy for inclusive teams where diverse talents can flourish.The starting gross salary varies between € 3.746 - € 5.127 gross (11) per month (full time) based on scale 11 of the Collective Labor Agreement Dutch Universities . Tilburg University actively promotes equal and transparent salary between men and women by strictly applying predetermined parameters based on the candidate’s experience. Employees recruited from abroad may be eligible for the 30% tax facility- this means that 30% of your salary will be paid as a tax-free reimbursement.Tilburg University offers you an employment agreement for a fixed period of 18 months for 0.8 - 1.0 fte (32 - 40 hours per week). You are entitled to a holiday allowance amounting to 8% and a year-end bonus of 8.3% of your gross yearly income. If you work 40 hours per week, you receive 41 days of paid recreational leave per year. It is a crucial part of the employment that you will be able to attend some parts of the job in person on campus.Please visit Working at Tilburg University for more information on our employment conditions.Information and applicationMore information on the vacated position can be obtained from Dr Nadya Purtova at n.n.purtova@tilburguniversity.edu.Please apply for this position online before April 25. Address your letter of interest to the section committee.The following documents should be submitted in support of your application:A CV, including degrees, courses and course grades, relevant projects, and brief description, conference presentations;A motivation letter explaining how your profile fits the project, date of availability, and how you envisage your contribution.A publication list;A PDF of your most relevant publication;Names of 2 referees with contact details.We only approach referees for candidates who make it to the second selection round.First selection interviews take place on May 17th, 2021. The 2nd round of interviews will take place on May 25th.The selection committee consists of:1. Chair: prof.dr. R.E. (Ronald) Leenes (Head of Department)2. Member: dr. N.N. (Nadya) Purtova (Project leader)3. Member: dr. L. (Linnet) Taylor4. Member: L. (Leonie) de Jong (Managing Director)5. Secretarial support: Femke AbousalamaThe preferred candidate should be able to start on 1 September 2021 by the latest, or sooner if possible. The final decision for appointment is subject to funding from the EU.OrganizationUnder the motto of ‘Understanding society’, Tilburg University ’s more than 1,500 employees develop knowledge, transfer it to others, and bring people from various disciplines and organizations together. In this way, we want to contribute to solving complex social issues. Our focus areas are economics, business and entrepreneurship, social and behavioral sciences, law and public administration, the humanities and digital sciences, and theology. Tilburg University is internationally known for its high standards in education and scientific research, as well as its good support facilities. The Tilburg University campus offers both quietness and connectivity as it is located in a wooded park, ten minutes away from the city center, main highways, and railways. A mid-sized city of 200,000 inhabitants in the South of the Netherlands, and in proximity to cities like Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and London, Tilburg is situated at the very heart of Western Europe.Tilburg Law School offers highly ranked national and international education and research in law and public administration. Currently, almost 4,000 students are enrolled at Tilburg Law School. Students in Tilburg can choose from five Bachelor's programs, one of which is taught in English (Bachelor Global Law) and ten Master's programs, eight of which are taught in English. The international orientation of Tilburg Law School is reflected in these Bachelor's and Master's programs. The research conducted within Tilburg Law School is aimed at social relevance and provides students with the tools and skills to study and deal with current issues at an academic level. The research within Tilburg Law School is organized into five cross-departmental research programs: 1) Global Law and Governance; 2) New Modes of Lawmaking and Governance in a Multilayered Order; 3) Law and Security; 4) Sustainable Business Law and Taxation; and 5) Law and Technology.The department LTMS is home of Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology and Society (TILT) and Tilburg Law & Economics Center (TILEC). By joining forces, the two centers foster a richer understanding on the effects of socio-technical change on the regulation and governance of economic activity in an age where information technology is a key driver for innovation.TILT is one of the leading research groups in Europe at the intersection of law, technology, and society. It is premised on the multidisciplinary study of socio-technical change, aiming at understanding the interaction of technology and social and normative practices, in order to clarify how regulatory challenges of socio-technical change can be addressed.TILEC is an internationally renowned center of the Tilburg Law School and the Tilburg School of Economics and Management. It carries out interdisciplinary research on the governance of economic activity in the digital age.Recruitment codeTilburg University applies the recruitmentcode of the Dutch Association for Personnel Management & Organization Development (NVP).DisclaimerThe text of this vacancy advertisement is copyright-protected property of Tilburg University. Use, distribution and further disclosure of the advertisement without express permission from Tilburg University is not allowed, and this applies explicitly to use by recruitment and selection agencies which do not act directly on the instructions of Tilburg University. Responses resulting from recruitment by non-contractors of Tilburg Universities will not be handled.",School/scholengemeenschap,4.1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_968b2ce9&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588260,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0a6b4d5a&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588260,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
37,public administration,Glassdoor,4048323608,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PCRS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of overcoming resistance to conducive behaviour change using technology.THE CHALLENGEMany of the challenges that societies face today require behavioral change among civilians, professionals and institutions – whether it concerns safety (fake news, climate-related risks, cybercrime), health (vaccination) or the transition to a sustainable society. However, people and organisations often resist such conducive change to face these challenges or perceive obstacles to alter their actual behaviors, routines and procedures.Technological innovations may help address such resistance. For example, technological means (e.g. sensor and eye tracking data, ecological momentary assessments) offer insights into inner states and processes within and between people (e.g. emotion and deception/sincerity detection), and, hence, help identify why and when resistance to conducive change is greatest. Second, technology can be used to set up and enrich interventions that tackle resistance to conducive change in ways that were previously impossible (e.g. VR simulations to train police officers to prevent ethnic profiling).The PCRS section seeks to address and overcome such change resistance using technology, and is therefore seeking to hire an Assistant Professor. Cornerstone of our section’s research and teaching is the role of individuals and groups in issues related to psychological, physical or societal safety. We take an interdisciplinary approach to understand and develop interventions to counter such threats, combining (social) psychological perspectives with communication sciences and public administration, and apply this to topics as conflict (e.g. polarization) and crisis management, risk perception and risk communication, crime prevention (e.g. cybercrime and undermining), restorative justice interventions, and sustainability. Technology plays a central role in our research and teaching – this is facilitated by our excellent BMSlab (including our state-of-the-art mobile lab facility).Additionally, we collaborate closely with partners from practice, such as National Crisis Centres, law enforcement agencies, energy consultants, ministries and Kenniscentrum Veilige Digitale Samenleving (Apeldoorn) and the Dutch Perspectief Herstelbemiddeling.We primarily teach in the educational bachelor and master programs of Psychology. We believe in a strong connection between research and teaching. The teaching/research ratio is 60/40 on average (depending on the success of attracting external funding).Your profileYou are in possession of a PhD and have a track record in social sciences (e.g. Psychology, Communication Sciences, Public Administration) preferably in relation to PCRS’ topics of interest described above (see also https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/pcrv/).You embrace the UT motto High Tech Human Touch and see(k) opportunities in working in a technical environment and with our exciting state-of-the-art BMSlab.You have a strong entrepreneurial and valorization orientation. You enjoy working in multidisciplinary teams as well as with partners from practice.You have a proven ability to attract external research funding.You have a passion for teaching and the ambition to constantly improve your teaching skills using new and engaging teaching methods.You have excellent communication skills. Your English is at least at the C1 level.You are in possession of a University Teaching Qualification (or similar), or are willing to earn one within three years.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationFor more information, please contact dr. S. Zebel, chair of the Psychology of Conflict, Risk & Safety. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. S. Zebel.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section PCRS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) in the area of overcoming resistance to conducive behaviour change using technology.THE CHALLENGEMany of the challenges that societies face today require behavioral change among civilians, professionals and institutions – whether it concerns safety (fake news, climate-related risks, cybercrime), health (vaccination) or the transition to a sustainable society. However, people and organisations often resist such conducive change to face these challenges or perceive obstacles to alter their actual behaviors, routines and procedures.Technological innovations may help address such resistance. For example, technological means (e.g. sensor and eye tracking data, ecological momentary assessments) offer insights into inner states and processes within and between people (e.g. emotion and deception/sincerity detection), and, hence, help identify why and when resistance to conducive change is greatest. Second, technology can be used to set up and enrich interventions that tackle resistance to conducive change in ways that were previously impossible (e.g. VR simulations to train police officers to prevent ethnic profiling).The PCRS section seeks to address and overcome such change resistance using technology, and is therefore seeking to hire an Assistant Professor. Cornerstone of our section’s research and teaching is the role of individuals and groups in issues related to psychological, physical or societal safety. We take an interdisciplinary approach to understand and develop interventions to counter such threats, combining (social) psychological perspectives with communication sciences and public administration, and apply this to topics as conflict (e.g. polarization) and crisis management, risk perception and risk communication, crime prevention (e.g. cybercrime and undermining), restorative justice interventions, and sustainability. Technology plays a central role in our research and teaching – this is facilitated by our excellent BMSlab (including our state-of-the-art mobile lab facility).Additionally, we collaborate closely with partners from practice, such as National Crisis Centres, law enforcement agencies, energy consultants, ministries and Kenniscentrum Veilige Digitale Samenleving (Apeldoorn) and the Dutch Perspectief Herstelbemiddeling.We primarily teach in the educational bachelor and master programs of Psychology. We believe in a strong connection between research and teaching. The teaching/research ratio is 60/40 on average (depending on the success of attracting external funding).
You are in possession of a PhD and have a track record in social sciences (e.g. Psychology, Communication Sciences, Public Administration) preferably in relation to PCRS’ topics of interest described above (see also https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/pcrv/).You embrace the UT motto High Tech Human Touch and see(k) opportunities in working in a technical environment and with our exciting state-of-the-art BMSlab.You have a strong entrepreneurial and valorization orientation. You enjoy working in multidisciplinary teams as well as with partners from practice.You have a proven ability to attract external research funding.You have a passion for teaching and the ambition to constantly improve your teaching skills using new and engaging teaching methods.You have excellent communication skills. Your English is at least at the C1 level.You are in possession of a University Teaching Qualification (or similar), or are willing to earn one within three years.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
For more information, please contact dr. S. Zebel, chair of the Psychology of Conflict, Risk & Safety. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, to the attention of dr. S. Zebel.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_195c4ebd&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4048323608,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_bb8768bc&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4048323608,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
38,public administration,Glassdoor,4047186416,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section CS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) interdisciplinary approaches to online social movements using big data analytics.The increase of social movements in contemporay society is enhanced by community-building via online platforms. Some of these movements are open and look for public support. Their successes are measured by the amount of support received and initiatives that go viral (e.g. the ALS Ice bucket challenge), or their influence on public opinion (e.g. criticism of governmental corona policies by experts or conspiracy theorists). Other movements are successful by remaining in the dark, becoming secretive tribes of like-minded people around themes and goals that are constructive (e.g. victim support groups) or destructive (e.g. pro-anorexia). Aiming for positive social change, connecting people and fostering resilience, we want to explore the nature of such movements and its core behavioural characteristics. This can be done with a broad range of (mixed) methods: from big data analytics (e.g. sentiment and network analyses) to case studies.We are looking for a new colleague who will use innovative research methods (e.g., data science) in order to advance our understanding of the mechnisms underlying online social movements. You will share our ambition to find solutions to questions such as: What is the role of algorithmes in building online sentiments / threats? How do social media give rise to filter bubbles? What social patterns play their parts and how do they influence behaviors on social media? How can we innovate social sciences with digital technologies and data science? Improving our understanding of online social movements, their social tipping points, or how they sustain momentum, is crucial for continuing to address critical societal challenges, such as poverty, climate change, or global health.THE CHALLANGEYou will contribute to education and research in the above mentioned context. As a teacher you will contribute to modules in bachelor and master programs of communication science, but also psychology and public administration. You will outline research topics for Bachelor and Master theses that you will supervise. For more information about the education programs, see Communication Science; Public Administration; Psychology. In your research you will contribute to the interdisciplinary research domains of resilience in the faculty BMS. Preferably, you integrate various disciplinary perspectives (communication, psychology, sociology, governance) into more comprehensive models of behaviour change and applications of new technologies.Your profileYou hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences in relation to social media and/or online social movements.Your have a specific interest for technological innovation in the context of social science.You have experience in practicing data science (and are equiped in big data analytics techniques) and are able to understand and follow algorithmic logic.You are a passionate teacher preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of communication, psychology and/or public administration.You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant acquistion.You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in English.Our offerYou will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.Information and applicationFor more information, please contact prof. dr. (Alexander) van Deursen, chair of the research group Communication Science: a.j.a.m.vandeursen@utwente.nl. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, at the attention of prof. dr. Alexander van Deursen.About the departmentThe Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe vacancy is for the section Communication Science which is part of the HIB-department. The HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clustersAbout the organizationThe Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.
The Technology, Human and Institutional Behaviour (HIB)-department is currently seeking six Assistant Professors in the domains of online social movement using big data, public administration and digital transformation, smart city governance, mental resilience, digital narrative and resistance to technology.The section CS in the HIB-department is currently seeking an assistant professor (1,0 fte) interdisciplinary approaches to online social movements using big data analytics.The increase of social movements in contemporay society is enhanced by community-building via online platforms. Some of these movements are open and look for public support. Their successes are measured by the amount of support received and initiatives that go viral (e.g. the ALS Ice bucket challenge), or their influence on public opinion (e.g. criticism of governmental corona policies by experts or conspiracy theorists). Other movements are successful by remaining in the dark, becoming secretive tribes of like-minded people around themes and goals that are constructive (e.g. victim support groups) or destructive (e.g. pro-anorexia). Aiming for positive social change, connecting people and fostering resilience, we want to explore the nature of such movements and its core behavioural characteristics. This can be done with a broad range of (mixed) methods: from big data analytics (e.g. sentiment and network analyses) to case studies.We are looking for a new colleague who will use innovative research methods (e.g., data science) in order to advance our understanding of the mechnisms underlying online social movements. You will share our ambition to find solutions to questions such as: What is the role of algorithmes in building online sentiments / threats? How do social media give rise to filter bubbles? What social patterns play their parts and how do they influence behaviors on social media? How can we innovate social sciences with digital technologies and data science? Improving our understanding of online social movements, their social tipping points, or how they sustain momentum, is crucial for continuing to address critical societal challenges, such as poverty, climate change, or global health.THE CHALLANGEYou will contribute to education and research in the above mentioned context. As a teacher you will contribute to modules in bachelor and master programs of communication science, but also psychology and public administration. You will outline research topics for Bachelor and Master theses that you will supervise. For more information about the education programs, see Communication Science; Public Administration; Psychology. In your research you will contribute to the interdisciplinary research domains of resilience in the faculty BMS. Preferably, you integrate various disciplinary perspectives (communication, psychology, sociology, governance) into more comprehensive models of behaviour change and applications of new technologies.
You hold a PhD in one of the relevant social sciences in relation to social media and/or online social movements.Your have a specific interest for technological innovation in the context of social science.You have experience in practicing data science (and are equiped in big data analytics techniques) and are able to understand and follow algorithmic logic.You are a passionate teacher preferably holding a University Teaching Qualification and are able to teach and supervise students in educational programs of communication, psychology and/or public administration.You can underscore your talent with a track record in peer-reviewed publications, presentations and grant acquistion.You are a teamplayer with excellent communication and collaboration skills.You are fluent in English.
You will be appointed for four years with the prospect of a permanent position. The university offers a dynamic ecosystem; internationalization is an important part of the strategic agenda.A dynamic, cooperative work environment with entrepreneurial and enthusiastic colleagues.A high degree of responsibility and independence.Professional and personal development programmes.Starting salary is between € 3.746 and € 5.826 gross per month based on your experience.A holiday allowance of 8% of the gross annual salary and a year-end bonus of 8.3%.A solid pension scheme.Possibilities to save up holidays for sabbatical leave.Minimum of 29 holiday days in case of full-time employment.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. Because of our diversity values, we do particularly support women to apply.
For more information, please contact prof. dr. (Alexander) van Deursen, chair of the research group Communication Science: a.j.a.m.vandeursen@utwente.nl. Submit your application (including curriculum vitae, list of publications, research statement and two names of potential references online before April 22, 2021 to the University of Twente, at the attention of prof. dr. Alexander van Deursen.
The Technology of Human and Institutional Behavior departmentThe vacancy is for the section Communication Science which is part of the HIB-department. The HIB-department is one of four departments at the faculty. The department is committed to design, evaluation and implementation of and teaching about comprehensive technology-based solutions supporting people in behaviour that promotes their health, safety, resilience, connectedness and joy. The HIB-department comprises research groups of Communication Science; Psychology, Health & Technology; Psychology of Conflict, Risk and Safety; and Public Administration. For more information on these groups, see: https://www.utwente.nl/en/bms/organization/departments-institutes/#department-clusters
The Faculty of Behavioural, Management and Social sciences (BMS) aims to play a pivotal role in understanding, co-engineering and evaluating innovation in society. Innovation is driven by advances in technology. By means of 'social engineering', we are here to integrate these advances in society. As a people-first tech university, we align these advances with the needs and behaviour of humans. We ensure proper public and private management as well as robust, inclusive and fair organisational structures. The faculty of BMS does this by developing, transferring and applying high-quality knowledge of Psychology, Business Administration, Public Administration, Communication Science, Philosophy, Educational Science, and Health Sciences. Our research and education in these disciplines is challenge-based. The BMS research programmes are directly linked to our research institutes: Mesa+ Institute for Nanotechnology, the TechMed Centre and the Digital Society Institute.As an employer, the BMS Faculty offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With our Faculty, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customizable conditions.University of Twente (UT)University of Twente (UT) has entered the new decade with an ambitious, new vision, mission and strategy. As ‘the ultimate people-first university of technology' we are rapidly expanding on our High Tech Human Touch philosophy and the unique role it affords us in society. Everything we do is aimed at maximum impact on people, society and connections through the sustainable utilisation of science and technology. We want to contribute to the development of a fair, digital and sustainable society through our open, inclusive and entrepreneurial attitude. This attitude permeates everything we do and is present in every one of UT's departments and faculties. Building on our rich legacy in merging technical and social sciences, we focus on five distinguishing research domains: Improving healthcare by personalised technologies; Creating intelligent manufacturing systems; Shaping our world with smart materials; Engineering our digital society; and Engineering for a resilient world.As an employer, University of Twente offers jobs that matter. We equip you as a staff member to shape new opportunities both for yourself and for our society. With us, you will be part of a leading tech university that is changing our world for the better. We offer an open, inclusive and entrepreneurial climate, in which we encourage you to make healthy choices, for example, with our flexible, customisable conditions.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8d285b15&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4047186416,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7dafce10&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4047186416,8d,8d,2021-04-08,en,No,No,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
39,public administration,Glassdoor,4049432880,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e86565fb&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4049432880,7d,7d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
40,public administration,Glassdoor,4040588566,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Leiden,Leiden,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9e9f5f2c&cb=1617883653067&jobListingId=4040588566,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
41,public administration,Glassdoor,4050218973,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Page Personnel,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7b13f6a2&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4050218973,6d,6d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
42,public administration,Glassdoor,3624238806,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Capgemini,Utrecht,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=37049&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_81725d14&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=3624238806,15d,15d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
43,public administration,Glassdoor,4055645767,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),ViacomCBS Amsterdam,Amsterdam,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_af005340&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4055645767,24u,24u,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
44,public administration,Glassdoor,4045409717,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Radboud Universiteit,Nijmegen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b344cc70&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4045409717,9d,9d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
45,public administration,Glassdoor,4049823127,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Universiteit Twente,Hof van Twente,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e41b9298&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4049823127,6d,6d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
46,public administration,Glassdoor,4043796289,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Octagon Professionals,Noordwijk,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=25073&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8c93f3ec&cb=1617883653070&jobListingId=4043796289,12d,12d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
47,public administration,Glassdoor,4054186361,Assistant Professor of Public Administration (0.6 - 1.0 FTE),Europese School Bergen,Bergen,Hogescholen en universiteiten,Government and care,"
Assistant Professor of Public AdministrationEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTEMaximum gross monthly salary: € 5,127Nijmegen School of ManagementRequired background: PhDDuration of the contract: 3 yearsApplication deadline: 20 April 2021We are looking forAs Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.We askYou hold, or are close to completion of, a PhD degree in Public Administration or a closely related discipline.You have Dutch and English language skills at a professional level.You have teaching experience, preferably encompassing thesis supervision, teaching of small groups, and lecturing.Your teaching activities have received good teaching evaluations.You hold a basic university teaching qualification, or are willing to obtain such a certificate during the time of your appointment at Radboud University.You have a good track record in a subfield of public administration, preferably in the field of governance and accountability in the setting of public service delivery.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with research in education or health care.You have excellent knowledge of qualitative research techniques.You have a strong research output, evidenced by several publications in international high-quality journals.You have an interest in and preferably some experience with the dissemination of research results to practitioners or societal stakeholders.You have the ambition to attract research funding and / or commissioned research.You have experience with or an interest in multidisciplinary research cooperation.Radboud University has a track record in promoting excellent female scholars to leadership positions and we therefore especially welcome applications from women who fit the above profile.We areThe Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.Radboud UniversityWe want to get the best out of science, others and ourselves. Why? Because this is what the world around us desperately needs. Leading research and education make an indispensable contribution to a healthy, free world with equal opportunities for all. This is what unites the more than 22,000 students and 5,000 employees at Radboud University. And this requires even more talent and collaboration. You have a part to play!We offerEmployment: 0.6 - 1.0 FTE.A maximum gross monthly salary of € 5,127 based on a 38-hour working week (salary scale 11).The exact salary depends on the candidate's qualifications and amount of relevant professional experience.In addition to the salary: an 8% holiday allowance and an 8.3% end-of-year bonus.Duration of the contract: 3 years.The intended start date is 1 July 2021.You will be able to use our Dual Career and Family Care Services. Our Dual Career and Family Care Officer can assist you with family-related support, help your partner or spouse prepare for the local labour market, provide customized support in their search for employment and help your family settle in Nijmegen.Have a look at our excellent employment conditions. They include a good work-life balance (among other things because of the excellent leave arrangements), opportunities for development and a great pension scheme.Would you like more information?For more information about this vacancy, please contact:Marlies Honingh, Associate Professor of Public AdministrationEmail: m.honingh@fm.ru.nlTaco Brandsen, Professor of Public AdministraitionEmail: t.brandsen@fm.ru.nlApply directlyPlease address your application to Marlies Honingh and submit it, no later than 20 April 2021, 23:59 Amsterdam Time Zone.Your application should include the following attachments:Motivation letter.CV, including a list of working papers and publications and the names of two potential references.At least two selected published articles or working papers.The first round of interviews will take place on Monday 26 April 2021.The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.We drafted this vacancy to find and hire our new colleague ourselves. Recruitment agencies are kindly requested to refrain from responding.
As Assistant Professor of Public Administration you will have both teaching and research duties. You will develop and teach high-quality courses in the Bachelor's and Master's programmes and be responsible for the supervision of Bachelor's and Master's theses. You should hold a basic university teaching qualification or be willing to obtain such a certificate in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, you will conduct high-quality individual/collaborative research in the field of public administration, preferably in the area of governance, steering dynamics and accountability in the setting of public service provision and you will publish your findings in high-standing journals in the domain of public administration or adjacent fields. You will play an active role in collaborative grant writing. You will develop national and international networks in your subfield and engage with societal or governmental stakeholders in your field of study. In doing so, you will further expand our research profile, enhance our portfolio of research projects, and strengthen our dissemination practices.

The Nijmegen School of Management (NSM) is an academic centre of research and higher education, focusing on institutional and managerial issues within complex organisations. There are seven disciplines within NSM: Business Administration, Public Administration, Political Science, Economics and Business Economics, Social and Political Sciences of the Environment, Human Geography, and Spatial Planning. NSM strives for a multidisciplinary approach. The educational programme is characterised by small-scale teaching and provides a stimulating learning environment with an emphasis on the development of academic skills. NSM employs 300 FTEs, 75% of whom are academics. Currently, NSM has approximately 5,000 students. NSM's research activities fall under the responsibility of the interdisciplinary Institute for Management Research (IMR). Under the motto 'Creating Knowledge for Society', IMR focuses on academic research into the development, design and effectiveness of the public and private structures that regulate, govern or manage human interactions.
The Public Administration programme at Radboud University offers courses with a classic, generalist public administration core, providing students the opportunity to analyse problems and issues concerning government and governance, public policy and public sector management in an academically responsible manner. The programme recognizes the need in the public sector for generalists with a thorough training in academic skills and aims to address this by training multidisciplinary, academic professionals. The department is responsible for the development and quality of the Bachelor's and Master's courses in Public Administration, as well as for courses in the faculty's other educational programmes. The distinguishing mark of our Public Administration curriculum is that students learn to draw on theory and knowledge from constituting disciplines to contribute to problem-solving in the public interest. This multidisciplinary expertise is integrated with a focus on ethics and values in order to be able to act in the general interest in an increasingly complex world. Students are also extensively trained in research skills in order to be able to describe and explain developments in the field of public administration. Theories are covered from a comparative perspective.The Department of Public Administration is a vibrant group of junior and senior members. The department stimulates and values team science. Collegial relations are excellent and there is an attractive teaching/research load (60-40). Research covers themes such as policy analysis, governance and accountability, steering dynamics in public governance, comparative public governance, organisation behaviour, integrity, co-production, Europeanisation, public service delivery, intergovernmental cooperation, and good governance at the local, regional and national levels.
Radboud University
The second round of interviews will take place on Thursday 29 April 2021.",Hogeschool/universiteit,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178b199adeaaebb40d0e686043f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_def0be58&cb=1617887342262&jobListingId=4043776591,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=1044318&s=58&guid=00000178b161634783d0189f1dabc1fd&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_7fdd5f3e&cb=1617883653068&jobListingId=4054186361,1d,1d,2021-04-08,en,No,Yes,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
