,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Industry,Sector,Job Description,Type of ownership,Rating,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age,Gender_Num,Age_Num
0,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3812413125,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Catawiki,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_1fadab5f&cb=1617276199701&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b7d1f086&cb=1617276199701&jobListingId=3812413125,2d,2d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
1,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4035379169,Customer Experience Specialist - German,ABN AMRO Bank,Amstelveen,Banken en kredietverenigingen,Financiële sector,"
As a business, we ensure our information is well protected. Your team, Preventative Security at Operations & Intelligence (O&I), is the owner of the technology that enables information protection. We are looking for a Senior IT Information Security Engineer who is as excited about information protection as we are and is interested in looking at long term improvements. We are enthusiastic about our application of Agile methodology.Your jobThis job requires extensive knowledge of security and infrastructure, at least 5 years of experience in this department. You have knowledge and experience in implementation and configuration of information protection in large organizations (over 2000 employees), such as DLP and CASB, preferably with Symantec products, and Microsoft Azure Information Protection. Experience working with Security Use Cases is an advantage. Not a day goes by without hearing about a data breach. Our job is to prevent these breaches from happening. You will be expected to come up with the best ways to implement products such as DLP for different countries and subsidiaries. You will work with an agile team in which a product owner defines the needs and priorities in three-week sprints to reach a result that delivers as much value for the organisation as possible. You are, together with the team, responsible end-to-end for converting business requirements into an implemented service.Working environmentYou will work for the Corporate Information Security Office (CISO) department. The CISO department believes it is essential to connect the interests of our clients, society and the bank. CISO employs approximately 400 colleagues who are responsible for the bank's information security worldwide. In short, you will be working in a dynamic and international environment that is constantly evolving and looking for innovative information security solutions for the bank, the customers and society.There are approximately 150 colleagues working in the Operations & Intelligence (O&I) department within CISO. The O&I department is organised in different sub departments which are split into agile teams of around 10 people each. You will work in the Agile (DevOps) 'Preventative Security' team. Our multidisciplinary way of working allows you to learn from everyone. Our office in Amstelveen is your home office. Of course we are also open to the New Way of Working. This allows you to choose the locations or moments you want to work, in consultation with your manager.Your profileYour background clearly shows you are comfortable in large and complex technical environments. You have your own area of expertise and a desire to extend, utilize and share your knowledge in a no-nonsense environment.You will contribute to keeping our information safe.You:Get things done! As a security engineer, you deliver security solutions that improve the safety of the bank’s data;Take initiative, learn continuously and are able to apply what you have learned;Have experience working in teams with other specialists to make change happen.Do you think you will fit in? Check your profile:At least 5 years of work experience in the full breadth of information technology;Knowledge and experience with designing and/or implementing information protection services, including platform architecture (HW, Virtual Machines, OS Windows, DNS, Load-Balancers, Firewalls etc.) for Enterprise graded implementations (>5000 employees);The ability to cope with scalability, interoperability, and performance issues as well as the capability of providing solutions;Affinity, knowledge and/or experience in setting up CI/CD tooling, such as XL Release, Chef, SaltStack, Puppet and Ansible;Relevant security certifications, or proof of competency;Preferably experience with Microsoft Azure tooling;The ability to read, write, and speak English;Good communications skills, ability to reach an agreement on requirements and solutions in communications with stakeholders at different levels of the organization;Experience working in a security environment, preferably in the financial sector;A problem solving attitude;A desire to actively share knowledge with other team members;The habit of following trends and developments inside and outside the bank and integrating them into company-wide solutions.An EU working permit is required for this position.We are offeringWe are offering:...the chance to become even better at your job within this large organization. Does the combination of security and infrastructure make your heart beat faster and do you want to help optimise the operations & intelligence of information security? Then CISO is the place where you will never be out of practice. Mistakes happen, and we learn from them!ABN AMRO knows that your personal development is important, which is why we offer plenty of opportunities for training and career development. In addition, you will receive a competitive salary and an attractive employee benefits package. The employee benefits package even allows you to set your own terms and conditions regarding certain benefit options.We offer:The freedom to optimize your performance in a flexible working environmentTools to stay fit and update your knowledge, with space provided for you to practice and grow your skills.An additional benefit budget of 11%, with which you can buy flexible terms of employment.A personal development budget of € 1.000 per year.A public transportation subscription or personal transportation budget, depending on the position.A good pension scheme.Interested?Interested in this position? Please respond to this vacancy online. For more information you can contact Yasmine de Jeu, responsible for ecruiting within CISO Operations & Intelligence at yasmine.de.jeu@nl.abnamro.com. We are looking forward to meeting you!We do not respond to acquisition enquiries from agencies.
As a business, we ensure our information is well protected. Your team, Preventative Security at Operations & Intelligence (O&I), is the owner of the technology that enables information protection. We are looking for a Senior IT Information Security Engineer who is as excited about information protection as we are and is interested in looking at long term improvements. We are enthusiastic about our application of Agile methodology.Your jobThis job requires extensive knowledge of security and infrastructure, at least 5 years of experience in this department. You have knowledge and experience in implementation and configuration of information protection in large organizations (over 2000 employees), such as DLP and CASB, preferably with Symantec products, and Microsoft Azure Information Protection. Experience working with Security Use Cases is an advantage. Not a day goes by without hearing about a data breach. Our job is to prevent these breaches from happening. You will be expected to come up with the best ways to implement products such as DLP for different countries and subsidiaries. You will work with an agile team in which a product owner defines the needs and priorities in three-week sprints to reach a result that delivers as much value for the organisation as possible. You are, together with the team, responsible end-to-end for converting business requirements into an implemented service.Working environmentYou will work for the Corporate Information Security Office (CISO) department. The CISO department believes it is essential to connect the interests of our clients, society and the bank. CISO employs approximately 400 colleagues who are responsible for the bank's information security worldwide. In short, you will be working in a dynamic and international environment that is constantly evolving and looking for innovative information security solutions for the bank, the customers and society.There are approximately 150 colleagues working in the Operations & Intelligence (O&I) department within CISO. The O&I department is organised in different sub departments which are split into agile teams of around 10 people each. You will work in the Agile (DevOps) 'Preventative Security' team. Our multidisciplinary way of working allows you to learn from everyone. Our office in Amstelveen is your home office. Of course we are also open to the New Way of Working. This allows you to choose the locations or moments you want to work, in consultation with your manager.Your profileYour background clearly shows you are comfortable in large and complex technical environments. You have your own area of expertise and a desire to extend, utilize and share your knowledge in a no-nonsense environment.You will contribute to keeping our information safe.You:Get things done! As a security engineer, you deliver security solutions that improve the safety of the bank’s data;Take initiative, learn continuously and are able to apply what you have learned;Have experience working in teams with other specialists to make change happen.Do you think you will fit in? Check your profile:At least 5 years of work experience in the full breadth of information technology;Knowledge and experience with designing and/or implementing information protection services, including platform architecture (HW, Virtual Machines, OS Windows, DNS, Load-Balancers, Firewalls etc.) for Enterprise graded implementations (>5000 employees);The ability to cope with scalability, interoperability, and performance issues as well as the capability of providing solutions;Affinity, knowledge and/or experience in setting up CI/CD tooling, such as XL Release, Chef, SaltStack, Puppet and Ansible;Relevant security certifications, or proof of competency;Preferably experience with Microsoft Azure tooling;The ability to read, write, and speak English;Good communications skills, ability to reach an agreement on requirements and solutions in communications with stakeholders at different levels of the organization;Experience working in a security environment, preferably in the financial sector;A problem solving attitude;A desire to actively share knowledge with other team members;The habit of following trends and developments inside and outside the bank and integrating them into company-wide solutions.An EU working permit is required for this position.We are offeringWe are offering:...the chance to become even better at your job within this large organization. Does the combination of security and infrastructure make your heart beat faster and do you want to help optimise the operations & intelligence of information security? Then CISO is the place where you will never be out of practice. Mistakes happen, and we learn from them!ABN AMRO knows that your personal development is important, which is why we offer plenty of opportunities for training and career development. In addition, you will receive a competitive salary and an attractive employee benefits package. The employee benefits package even allows you to set your own terms and conditions regarding certain benefit options.We offer:The freedom to optimize your performance in a flexible working environmentTools to stay fit and update your knowledge, with space provided for you to practice and grow your skills.An additional benefit budget of 11%, with which you can buy flexible terms of employment.A personal development budget of € 1.000 per year.A public transportation subscription or personal transportation budget, depending on the position.A good pension scheme.Interested?Interested in this position? Please respond to this vacancy online. For more information you can contact Yasmine de Jeu, responsible for ecruiting within CISO Operations & Intelligence at yasmine.de.jeu@nl.abnamro.com. We are looking forward to meeting you!We do not respond to acquisition enquiries from agencies.
As a business, we ensure our information is well protected. Your team, Preventative Security at Operations & Intelligence (O&I), is the owner of the technology that enables information protection. We are looking for a Senior IT Information Security Engineer who is as excited about information protection as we are and is interested in looking at long term improvements. We are enthusiastic about our application of Agile methodology.
As a business, we ensure our information is well protected. Your team, Preventative Security at Operations & Intelligence (O&I), is the owner of the technology that enables information protection. We are looking for a Senior IT Information Security Engineer who is as excited about information protection as we are and is interested in looking at long term improvements. We are enthusiastic about our application of Agile methodology.
Your jobThis job requires extensive knowledge of security and infrastructure, at least 5 years of experience in this department. You have knowledge and experience in implementation and configuration of information protection in large organizations (over 2000 employees), such as DLP and CASB, preferably with Symantec products, and Microsoft Azure Information Protection. Experience working with Security Use Cases is an advantage. Not a day goes by without hearing about a data breach. Our job is to prevent these breaches from happening. You will be expected to come up with the best ways to implement products such as DLP for different countries and subsidiaries. You will work with an agile team in which a product owner defines the needs and priorities in three-week sprints to reach a result that delivers as much value for the organisation as possible. You are, together with the team, responsible end-to-end for converting business requirements into an implemented service.
Your job
This job requires extensive knowledge of security and infrastructure, at least 5 years of experience in this department. You have knowledge and experience in implementation and configuration of information protection in large organizations (over 2000 employees), such as DLP and CASB, preferably with Symantec products, and Microsoft Azure Information Protection. Experience working with Security Use Cases is an advantage. Not a day goes by without hearing about a data breach. Our job is to prevent these breaches from happening. You will be expected to come up with the best ways to implement products such as DLP for different countries and subsidiaries. You will work with an agile team in which a product owner defines the needs and priorities in three-week sprints to reach a result that delivers as much value for the organisation as possible. You are, together with the team, responsible end-to-end for converting business requirements into an implemented service.
Working environmentYou will work for the Corporate Information Security Office (CISO) department. The CISO department believes it is essential to connect the interests of our clients, society and the bank. CISO employs approximately 400 colleagues who are responsible for the bank's information security worldwide. In short, you will be working in a dynamic and international environment that is constantly evolving and looking for innovative information security solutions for the bank, the customers and society.There are approximately 150 colleagues working in the Operations & Intelligence (O&I) department within CISO. The O&I department is organised in different sub departments which are split into agile teams of around 10 people each. You will work in the Agile (DevOps) 'Preventative Security' team. Our multidisciplinary way of working allows you to learn from everyone. Our office in Amstelveen is your home office. Of course we are also open to the New Way of Working. This allows you to choose the locations or moments you want to work, in consultation with your manager.
Working environment
You will work for the Corporate Information Security Office (CISO) department. The CISO department believes it is essential to connect the interests of our clients, society and the bank. CISO employs approximately 400 colleagues who are responsible for the bank's information security worldwide. In short, you will be working in a dynamic and international environment that is constantly evolving and looking for innovative information security solutions for the bank, the customers and society.There are approximately 150 colleagues working in the Operations & Intelligence (O&I) department within CISO. The O&I department is organised in different sub departments which are split into agile teams of around 10 people each. You will work in the Agile (DevOps) 'Preventative Security' team. Our multidisciplinary way of working allows you to learn from everyone. Our office in Amstelveen is your home office. Of course we are also open to the New Way of Working. This allows you to choose the locations or moments you want to work, in consultation with your manager.
Your profileYour background clearly shows you are comfortable in large and complex technical environments. You have your own area of expertise and a desire to extend, utilize and share your knowledge in a no-nonsense environment.You will contribute to keeping our information safe.You:Get things done! As a security engineer, you deliver security solutions that improve the safety of the bank’s data;Take initiative, learn continuously and are able to apply what you have learned;Have experience working in teams with other specialists to make change happen.Do you think you will fit in? Check your profile:At least 5 years of work experience in the full breadth of information technology;Knowledge and experience with designing and/or implementing information protection services, including platform architecture (HW, Virtual Machines, OS Windows, DNS, Load-Balancers, Firewalls etc.) for Enterprise graded implementations (>5000 employees);The ability to cope with scalability, interoperability, and performance issues as well as the capability of providing solutions;Affinity, knowledge and/or experience in setting up CI/CD tooling, such as XL Release, Chef, SaltStack, Puppet and Ansible;Relevant security certifications, or proof of competency;Preferably experience with Microsoft Azure tooling;The ability to read, write, and speak English;Good communications skills, ability to reach an agreement on requirements and solutions in communications with stakeholders at different levels of the organization;Experience working in a security environment, preferably in the financial sector;A problem solving attitude;A desire to actively share knowledge with other team members;The habit of following trends and developments inside and outside the bank and integrating them into company-wide solutions.An EU working permit is required for this position.
Your profile
Your background clearly shows you are comfortable in large and complex technical environments. You have your own area of expertise and a desire to extend, utilize and share your knowledge in a no-nonsense environment.You will contribute to keeping our information safe.You:Get things done! As a security engineer, you deliver security solutions that improve the safety of the bank’s data;Take initiative, learn continuously and are able to apply what you have learned;Have experience working in teams with other specialists to make change happen.Do you think you will fit in? Check your profile:At least 5 years of work experience in the full breadth of information technology;Knowledge and experience with designing and/or implementing information protection services, including platform architecture (HW, Virtual Machines, OS Windows, DNS, Load-Balancers, Firewalls etc.) for Enterprise graded implementations (>5000 employees);The ability to cope with scalability, interoperability, and performance issues as well as the capability of providing solutions;Affinity, knowledge and/or experience in setting up CI/CD tooling, such as XL Release, Chef, SaltStack, Puppet and Ansible;Relevant security certifications, or proof of competency;Preferably experience with Microsoft Azure tooling;The ability to read, write, and speak English;Good communications skills, ability to reach an agreement on requirements and solutions in communications with stakeholders at different levels of the organization;Experience working in a security environment, preferably in the financial sector;A problem solving attitude;A desire to actively share knowledge with other team members;The habit of following trends and developments inside and outside the bank and integrating them into company-wide solutions.An EU working permit is required for this position.
Your background clearly shows you are comfortable in large and complex technical environments. You have your own area of expertise and a desire to extend, utilize and share your knowledge in a no-nonsense environment.You will contribute to keeping our information safe.You:Get things done! As a security engineer, you deliver security solutions that improve the safety of the bank’s data;Take initiative, learn continuously and are able to apply what you have learned;Have experience working in teams with other specialists to make change happen.
Do you think you will fit in? Check your profile:At least 5 years of work experience in the full breadth of information technology;Knowledge and experience with designing and/or implementing information protection services, including platform architecture (HW, Virtual Machines, OS Windows, DNS, Load-Balancers, Firewalls etc.) for Enterprise graded implementations (>5000 employees);The ability to cope with scalability, interoperability, and performance issues as well as the capability of providing solutions;Affinity, knowledge and/or experience in setting up CI/CD tooling, such as XL Release, Chef, SaltStack, Puppet and Ansible;Relevant security certifications, or proof of competency;Preferably experience with Microsoft Azure tooling;The ability to read, write, and speak English;Good communications skills, ability to reach an agreement on requirements and solutions in communications with stakeholders at different levels of the organization;Experience working in a security environment, preferably in the financial sector;A problem solving attitude;A desire to actively share knowledge with other team members;The habit of following trends and developments inside and outside the bank and integrating them into company-wide solutions.An EU working permit is required for this position.
We are offeringWe are offering:...the chance to become even better at your job within this large organization. Does the combination of security and infrastructure make your heart beat faster and do you want to help optimise the operations & intelligence of information security? Then CISO is the place where you will never be out of practice. Mistakes happen, and we learn from them!ABN AMRO knows that your personal development is important, which is why we offer plenty of opportunities for training and career development. In addition, you will receive a competitive salary and an attractive employee benefits package. The employee benefits package even allows you to set your own terms and conditions regarding certain benefit options.We offer:The freedom to optimize your performance in a flexible working environmentTools to stay fit and update your knowledge, with space provided for you to practice and grow your skills.An additional benefit budget of 11%, with which you can buy flexible terms of employment.A personal development budget of € 1.000 per year.A public transportation subscription or personal transportation budget, depending on the position.A good pension scheme.
We are offering
We are offering:...the chance to become even better at your job within this large organization. Does the combination of security and infrastructure make your heart beat faster and do you want to help optimise the operations & intelligence of information security? Then CISO is the place where you will never be out of practice. Mistakes happen, and we learn from them!ABN AMRO knows that your personal development is important, which is why we offer plenty of opportunities for training and career development. In addition, you will receive a competitive salary and an attractive employee benefits package. The employee benefits package even allows you to set your own terms and conditions regarding certain benefit options.We offer:The freedom to optimize your performance in a flexible working environmentTools to stay fit and update your knowledge, with space provided for you to practice and grow your skills.An additional benefit budget of 11%, with which you can buy flexible terms of employment.A personal development budget of € 1.000 per year.A public transportation subscription or personal transportation budget, depending on the position.A good pension scheme.
We are offering:...the chance to become even better at your job within this large organization. Does the combination of security and infrastructure make your heart beat faster and do you want to help optimise the operations & intelligence of information security? Then CISO is the place where you will never be out of practice. Mistakes happen, and we learn from them!ABN AMRO knows that your personal development is important, which is why we offer plenty of opportunities for training and career development. In addition, you will receive a competitive salary and an attractive employee benefits package. The employee benefits package even allows you to set your own terms and conditions regarding certain benefit options.We offer:The freedom to optimize your performance in a flexible working environmentTools to stay fit and update your knowledge, with space provided for you to practice and grow your skills.An additional benefit budget of 11%, with which you can buy flexible terms of employment.A personal development budget of € 1.000 per year.A public transportation subscription or personal transportation budget, depending on the position.A good pension scheme.
Interested?Interested in this position? Please respond to this vacancy online. For more information you can contact Yasmine de Jeu, responsible for ecruiting within CISO Operations & Intelligence at yasmine.de.jeu@nl.abnamro.com. We are looking forward to meeting you!We do not respond to acquisition enquiries from agencies.
Interested?
Interested in this position? Please respond to this vacancy online. For more information you can contact Yasmine de Jeu, responsible for ecruiting within CISO Operations & Intelligence at yasmine.de.jeu@nl.abnamro.com. We are looking forward to meeting you!We do not respond to acquisition enquiries from agencies.",Overheid,3.9,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_08a8b54e&cb=1617276199701&jobListingId=4035379169,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_64643852&cb=1617276199702&jobListingId=4035379169,14d,14d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
2,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3804324083,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Arvato Finance B.V.,Amsterdam,-1,-1,"Would you like a starter job within a fast scaling international Payments company where you can learn from some of the most experienced professionals in the market?As a Junior Business Development Manager, you will be responsible for prospecting new merchants and working closely with the International Sales team to secure new business. Must have a strong desire to learn how Afterpay adds value to our customers and be able to articulate the value proposition to prospecting clients. This is the perfect opportunity for eager professionals to join an exciting, fast paced, International Sales Team and kick start your career in payments.The role is based in Amsterdam and requires candidates to be fluent in Dutch and English, both spoken and written.ResponsibilitiesWork assigned Leads in a professional manner.Initiate conversations with prospects.Be creative in identifying target prospects followed by a well-defined approach to secure new business.Building a pipeline of qualified leads to meet business plans, quotas, and company objectives.Obtain key information from targeted prospects to meet the qualified lead criteria.Track prospects, identify decision makers, identify timelines and specific qualifications.Ideal CandidateMinimum 1 year experience with lead generation by cold calling prospects in a B2B role through internships or jobs strongly preferred.Comfortable in prospecting and cold calling new potential customers.Innovative approaches to establish a conversation with prospective merchants.Develop and maintain a strong working relationship with the wider International sales team and other internal stakeholders.Dutch and English language proficiency is a requirement.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Bachelor's degree.'After' haar oprichting in 2010 is de organisatie uitgegroeid tot de AfterPay organisatie die ze nu is. Van FinTech startup tot marktleider in het achteraf betalen. De betaalmethode is bij duizenden webwinkels te gebruiken en onderdeel van het dagelijkse betalingsverkeer in ieder huishouden. Samen met meer dan honderd ambitieuze collega’s wordt er iedere dag hard gewerkt om koploper te blijven in de dynamische wereld van online betalen. Gericht op ontwikkeling en innovatie, om zo gezamenlijk de kwaliteit van de AfterPay dienstverlening continu te blijven verbeteren. Werken bij AfterPay betekent werken bij een van de meest toonaangevende werkgevers van de Benelux. Het betekent werken bij een organisatie waar je je stem kunt laten horen, waar je de kans krijgt om je te ontwikkelen en waar van nature een steentje wordt bijgedragen aan de maatschappij.Beschik jij over unieke kwaliteiten om het talentvolle team van AfterPay te versterken? Breng jij de energie, kennis en/of ervaring om te voorzien in innovatieve ideeën? Draag die dosis potentieel aan door te solliciteren op de vacature en wie weet ben jij binnenkort een van de 'Afterpeople’. Ga voor meer informatie naar de website www.afterpay.nlArvato Financial SolutionsLet's be honest, finance is complicated. So we at Arvato Financial Solutions are proud to be guiding international as well as renowned local companies through the complex world of cash flows. Whether our customers sell shoes in e-commerce or offer telecommunications services, our services ensure efficient credit management for the best possible financial performance. Our approximately 7,500 employees solve new challenges in payments and complex data riddles every day, and do so cleverly, analytically and with an eye for every little detail as that is our DNA. We are seeking colleagues who want to take an active part in this - whether they are young professional, IT specialists, data analysts, advisers, managers or lateral entrants. And thanks to our presence in around 20 countries with a focus on Europe and America, there will usually be the right job available nearby. Innovate Yourself.AfterPayAt AfterPay we have a clear goal: to be the leading partner for pay-after-delivery solutions in the European e-commerce market. A central part of our strategy is a convenient and safe payment process via the AfterPay portal requiring just a few finger taps. Whether by invoice, direct debit or instalment payments – customers decide how and when they want to pay and are provided with many innovative tools. AfterPay is clearly focused on the wishes and needs of its users: our highest aim is customer satisfaction, with which we want to achieve long-term, successful customer loyalty.Bedrijf: Arvato Finance B.V.Land: NederlandProvincie: Noord-HollandPlaats: AmsterdamPostcode: 1101 CCJob ID: 109909109909Arvato Finance B.V.
Would you like a starter job within a fast scaling international Payments company where you can learn from some of the most experienced professionals in the market?As a Junior Business Development Manager, you will be responsible for prospecting new merchants and working closely with the International Sales team to secure new business. Must have a strong desire to learn how Afterpay adds value to our customers and be able to articulate the value proposition to prospecting clients. This is the perfect opportunity for eager professionals to join an exciting, fast paced, International Sales Team and kick start your career in payments.The role is based in Amsterdam and requires candidates to be fluent in Dutch and English, both spoken and written.ResponsibilitiesWork assigned Leads in a professional manner.Initiate conversations with prospects.Be creative in identifying target prospects followed by a well-defined approach to secure new business.Building a pipeline of qualified leads to meet business plans, quotas, and company objectives.Obtain key information from targeted prospects to meet the qualified lead criteria.Track prospects, identify decision makers, identify timelines and specific qualifications.Ideal CandidateMinimum 1 year experience with lead generation by cold calling prospects in a B2B role through internships or jobs strongly preferred.Comfortable in prospecting and cold calling new potential customers.Innovative approaches to establish a conversation with prospective merchants.Develop and maintain a strong working relationship with the wider International sales team and other internal stakeholders.Dutch and English language proficiency is a requirement.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Bachelor's degree.",Dochteronderneming of bedrijfssegment,3.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c0dcf764&cb=1617276199702&jobListingId=3804324083,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9b128b0f&cb=1617276199703&jobListingId=3804324083,12d,12d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
3,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4048015384,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Arrow Electronics,Oude Meer,Groothandel,Bedrijfsservices,"Position:Component Quality SpecialistJob Description:ABOUT THE ROLEAs Component Quality Specialist you will inspect and test components in accordance with documented internal forms and procedures.WHAT WILL YOU DO?Creatively gather, analyse, interpret, and utilize manufacturers and other specification sheets in order to complete the physical inspection of the components and draw conclusions as to the component condition.Provide test results to the proper personnel and teams accurately in written and verbal fashion as requiredTake digital images of components as required.Communicate with other team members to draw conclusions and make decisionsProvide Engineering Technicians with direction to help complete the inspection process.Work in accordance with ISO and ESD proceduresWHO YOU ARE?You already have several years of experience at similar positionYou are fluent in EnglishYou are precise and detail orientedYou are a proficient user of MS office toolsWHAT WE OFFER?Employment in stable, international, high-tech company, operating in growing industryClear opportunities for your career developmentInformal, open, direct, and enjoyable work environmentLocation:NL-Oude Meer, Netherlands (Fokkerweg)Time Type:Full timeJob Category:Engineering and Technology",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_4a9d700c&cb=1617276199703&jobListingId=4048015384,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_65db26f8&cb=1617276199703&jobListingId=4048015384,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
4,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4037549688,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Brunel,Leiden,Nutsbedrijven,"Olie, gas, energie en nutsbedrijven","Are you passionate about having impact on peoples’ health and improving quality of lives? Then we would like to welcome you to explore job opportunities in the field of QA at our pharmaceutical and food customers! Being employed by Brunel means you will join one of our international pharmaceutical or food customers located around the Netherlands, primarily in the regions of Amsterdam, Utrecht, Leiden, Groningen and Tilburg.Over deze functieAs the QA specialist your role will include, but might be limited to the following tasks:Ensuring quality assurance within product and process development projectsPossible focus fields: R&D, Technology, Quality Systems, OperationsPerforming auditsReviewing documentation and processesEnsure local GMP / GDP procedures are maintainedMaintain the Quality Management System: implementation and continual improvement of QM systems, procedures and processes, i.e.: handling of deviations, complaints and CAPAs, handling of GMP/ GDP regulated changes or escalation of potential significant quality issues.Over jouBachelor’s degree or higher in a science/health-related subjectExperience in pharmaceutical or food industryExperience within QAExperience or understanding of EU GDP, EU GMP and Quality Management SystemsUnderstanding of local and European regulatory environmentGood organizational, coordination, diplomatic, negotiation, presentation and communications skillsFluent English (both written and spoken), for some roles fluent Dutch is requiredWat wij biedenBrunel offers outstanding individuals a highly diverse and challenging job opportunity in a company where an open, professional and pleasant working culture is greatly valued; where your personal initiatives will be noticed and rewarded; and where you will receive all the support, coaching and training you need for your future career. This is your opportunity to discover a wide range of sectors and activities and develop your expertise in a fast-moving and results-oriented environment. Being intermediated by Brunel means that you are contracted by Brunel. Not only you will have a contract, you will as well be assured of a great career!Our primary and secondary terms of work are excellent. A few examples are price reductions at CZ Health Insurance, bonus opportunities and standard 26 days off. Brunel Engineering intermediates both junior and senior engineers within the industry for over 30 years now. Our clients vary from multinationals to local companies. Together we will find the job which meets your wishes.Over onsBrunel is an international organization which can offer work on exciting and challenging projects in collaboration with our partners within various industries. These sectors offer opportunities to participate on the development of new technologies amongst world class organizations. Our industrial partners seek the best professionals who possess the ambition and enthusiasm to excel.Brunel is an international provider of services specialized in project management, secondment and consultancy in the disciplines of Engineering, IT, Finance, Legal, Marketing & Communication, Healthcare and also all disciplines in the oil & gas industry. Since its establishment in 1975 Brunel developed itself in an international organization with over 11.000 employees. Brunel Engineering is specialized in secondment of technical specialist with a Bachelor’s; Master’s or Ph.D. in all technical fields. The sectors in which Brunel Engineering is active are High-tech, Production, Construction, Infrastructure and Industry. Brunel is also dedicated to the personal development of its employees and supplies them with an extensive training program.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6551a208&cb=1617276199706&jobListingId=4037549688,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_697650a4&cb=1617276199706&jobListingId=4037549688,12d,12d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
5,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3816196690,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Mambu,Amsterdam,Ondernemingssoftware en netwerkoplossingen,Informatietechnologie,"Mambu is the leading SaaS core banking engine. If you’re a customer of the largest digital bank in the EU, then you’ve probably interacted with our platform and didn't even know it. We are at the heart of what makes digital banks and lenders work - the system that processes banking transactions and updates accounts and other financial records from deposits to loans and credit balances. But Mambu is different. We are not just cloud-native, lean and flexible - we are helping to revolutionise financial services globally. We are in a growth phase and we’ve only just begun.

To help us on our mission, we bring together people with the best skills and attitude. It doesn’t matter where you are from, what matters is the impact you have and your passion to make a difference.

We are looking for a passionate, skilled and enthusiastic Customer Value Specialist - EMEA to join our Amsterdam office and be responsible for uncovering customer value throughout the Mambu sales process. The role will work alongside regional sales teams to strategise on approach for target accounts, build out value questioning techniques to uncover opportunity cost within our customers, capture and record this opportunity cost. This will then be presented to the customer in the form of a business case detailing how Mambu can unlock this trapped value.to join our team.




More about us:

To stay on top of the latest Fin-Tech trends and our success stories, please follow us on LinkedIn
For more details regarding our global career opportunities, please visit Career Site

",Privébedrijf,4.6,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=986998&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_43b7e16f&cb=1617276199708&jobListingId=3816196690,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=986998&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6e4e2f6c&cb=1617276199708&jobListingId=3816196690,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
6,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4043151868,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Accenture,Utrecht,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"Does Big Data, Analytics and data models excite you? Do you like to take on complex data challenges from various clients in different domains?Organizations are more data-driven nowadays and this provide them with a unique position to be ahead of the competition. With the coherent IT landscape of multiple information systems, data is the foundation to provide the knowledge to be more efficient and effective as an organization. Do you have the passion to be involved with the design and development of data solutions, provide top management with actionable insights and lead a team? Then we are looking for you!Your jobAs a Data Engineer, you will be part of the Data & AI cluster, which is part of the Accenture Technology practice. Your responsibility will be for designing and building a Data Warehouse either from scratch or on an existing structure. Considerations and agreements with the local business and data architects are required to reach a best possible solution. In addition, you will have the opportunity to lead a team of data consultants in order to deliver the complete solution and support other teams where necessary.We tend to provide our clients by using the latest technologies to build sustainable Data Warehouses in the back-end as well as data visualization on the front-end.The growth path at Accenture allows you to further specialize in the desired technical skills and the required soft skills to also grow in non-technical areas. Our clients are located in the Netherlands but also abroad, which you have the chance to visit!This role is part of our Accenture CloudFirst practice. We know cloud technology is the first stop on the digital transformation highway. And we know that a digitally transformed business is a business that achieves greater value, and can scale, operate at speed, outmaneuver competition and external threats, and succeed. We are putting everything into cloud: our deep expertise, massive cloud resources, 70,000 cloud professionals and a $3 billion investment over three years to help our clients reimagine every aspect of their business—industry, function, data, culture, talent, applications, infrastructure and edge—to become “cloud first” now.Your TeamOur colleagues in the services-based Technology group help clients, both big and small, by revolutionizing their strategic blueprints for IT transformations. Which cloud platform fits best with client X? How do certain IT-solutions impact the risk analysis of suppliers? How can organizations become more agile and through what process are new applications developed from design thinking workshops?Working closely alongside clients and an international team of professionals, you will develop innovative solutions based on their roadmaps, through mediums such as robotics and artificial intelligence. Throughout the blueprint process you will engage in the development of defense strategies, combining technology and user behavior, to ensure the security of your client. Together we connect the needs of clients with upcoming innovative technologies to prepare them for the future.
Your BackgroundA Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science or Information Science, Data Science or Data management.An excellent communicator and good personal skills.Fluent in Dutch and English.Knowledge and 2+ years of working experience in the data domain. E.g. working with databases, data modelling, ETL, data architecture or query building.Ambition to build up their technical capabilities and aspirations to grow further towards a functional role. E.g. Scrum Master, Product Owner or Project Lead.Prerequisite technical experience such as and not limited to: Azure Cloud Services, SAP, Cloud services, SQL, NoSQL, BigQuery, Snowflake, AWS S3, Phyton, Data modelling, Machine learning, Power BI, Tableau, Qlikview.Our offerAccenture is a marvelous place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you'll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we're proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense, and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides high-profile, demanding projects and a nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowance13th month pay & Holiday allowanceA broad scale of (technical) training & learning opportunitiesLaptop & smartphoneDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp, dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_4bf4d127&cb=1617276199708&jobListingId=4043151868,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_38289811&cb=1617276199708&jobListingId=4043151868,6d,6d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
7,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4039189074,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Cisco Systems,Amsterdam,Computerhardware en software,Informatietechnologie,"Location: Due to workplace restrictions we will be offering a virtual-only internship experience
Start date: June 14th 2021 (flexible)

Duration: 8 weeks

What You’ll Do

The Sales Internship opportunity will provide you with meaningful work that directly impacts your assigned team. The purpose of this role is to expose students to Cisco’s technology and customers while providing hands-on training and projects as well as the opportunity to network and learn from top Cisco leaders within the organisation.

Collaborate with peers and sales mentors to uncover ground-breaking opportunities that will address the Account Team’s top strategic initiatives in an aligned industry and vertical market.

•	Working directly with a Sales team to gain exposure into customer engagement and selling cycle

•	Solving customer challenges alongside your team

•	Opportunities for shadowing, mentoring and coaching

•	Ability to tackle stretch projects and be creative individually and in a team environment

•	Learn about potential career paths and tracks beyond your internship

At Cisco, we are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top early talent to shape our future, and we want you! You will learn, gain sales experience and grow within Cisco. Do you want to become Cisco's next generation of sales leaders through an accelerated early in career development path? Join us and explore how Cisco changes the way the world works, lives, plays, and learns.

Who You Are

•	You are pursuing a BA, BS or MS degree in Business, Sales, Marketing, Communications, Computer Science, Finance, or related area and scheduled to graduate Dec 2021 - July 2022

•	Knowledge of the sales process preferred

•	Strong academic background with excellent written and verbal communication skills

•	Strong teamwork, communication, influencing, organisation skills, self-motivated, enthusiastic and positive attitude

•	Adaptability, flexibility, and ability to work in collaborative environment

•	Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, leadership and interpersonal skills, creative thinking and problem solving

•	Fluent in English and Dutch (written and verbal)

•	You are able to legally live and work in the country for which you’re applying, without visa support or sponsorship. (Student visas or visas obtained on your own are not applicable for the program)

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!

But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it).

Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA). We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.

So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!
Location: Due to workplace restrictions we will be offering a virtual-only internship experience
Start date: June 14th 2021 (flexible)

Duration: 8 weeks

What You’ll Do

The Sales Internship opportunity will provide you with meaningful work that directly impacts your assigned team. The purpose of this role is to expose students to Cisco’s technology and customers while providing hands-on training and projects as well as the opportunity to network and learn from top Cisco leaders within the organisation.

Collaborate with peers and sales mentors to uncover ground-breaking opportunities that will address the Account Team’s top strategic initiatives in an aligned industry and vertical market.

•	Working directly with a Sales team to gain exposure into customer engagement and selling cycle

•	Solving customer challenges alongside your team

•	Opportunities for shadowing, mentoring and coaching

•	Ability to tackle stretch projects and be creative individually and in a team environment

•	Learn about potential career paths and tracks beyond your internship

At Cisco, we are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top early talent to shape our future, and we want you! You will learn, gain sales experience and grow within Cisco. Do you want to become Cisco's next generation of sales leaders through an accelerated early in career development path? Join us and explore how Cisco changes the way the world works, lives, plays, and learns.

Who You Are

•	You are pursuing a BA, BS or MS degree in Business, Sales, Marketing, Communications, Computer Science, Finance, or related area and scheduled to graduate Dec 2021 - July 2022

•	Knowledge of the sales process preferred

•	Strong academic background with excellent written and verbal communication skills

•	Strong teamwork, communication, influencing, organisation skills, self-motivated, enthusiastic and positive attitude

•	Adaptability, flexibility, and ability to work in collaborative environment

•	Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, leadership and interpersonal skills, creative thinking and problem solving

•	Fluent in English and Dutch (written and verbal)

•	You are able to legally live and work in the country for which you’re applying, without visa support or sponsorship. (Student visas or visas obtained on your own are not applicable for the program)

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!

But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it).

Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA). We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.

So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=1029950&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_91734acd&cb=1617276199710&jobListingId=4039189074,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=1029950&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_daf8f8d5&cb=1617276199710&jobListingId=4039189074,10d,10d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
8,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4028831361,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Accenture,Utrecht,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"Are you an experienced, passionate Test Automation professional who wants to work in a challenging and collaborative environment? Are you excited to learn more about Geo-ICT, Asset Management, the Energy, Water & Telecom industry and do you have a passion for software testing? The job as software test automation specialist offers the challenge you are looking for!Your JobAs a software test specialist you will work in an international team on projects at leading customers in the Netherlands. You will deal with test driven design solutions in which emerging technologies play an important role. Along with your colleagues and customers you will work on projects to shape the solution for exciting challenges. You will be involved in implementing this technology at the client side. Example projects:Implement Automation FrameworksWrite and execute test scripts to validate GIS solutionsDesign and implement testing strategies and scenariosWork closely together with QA teamsCreate and implement testing with automation applicationsYou will work on project basis for leading multinational clients. You will gain experience with different companies in a short time and will work in various fields. You will join a team of talented consultants and will operate from our office in Utrecht or the client’s office.Your teamOur colleagues in the services-based Technology group help clients, both big and small, by revolutionizing their strategic blueprints for IT transformations. Which cloud platform fits best with client X? How do certain IT-solutions impact the risk analysis of suppliers? How can organizations become more agile and through what process are new applications developed from design thinking workshops?Working closely alongside clients and an international team of professionals, you will develop innovative solutions based on their roadmaps, through mediums such as robotics and artificial intelligence. Throughout the blueprint process you will engage in the development of defense strategies, combining technology and user behavior, to ensure the security of your client. Together we connect the needs of clients with upcoming innovative technologies to prepare them for the future.
Your Background(Almost) completed Bachelor or Master of Science in a technical field; preferable in ICT;Familiar with Object Oriented concepts and software engineering in general;Knowledge/ interest in Java, Python, C# or Ruby;Excellent proficiency in Dutch and English, both oral and written;Knowledge of DevOps;Nice to have:Knowledge of GE Smallworld, ArcGIS, or other GIS applications;Familiar with Design Patterns, Refactoring concepts;Familiar with Continuous Integration and unit testing.Our offerAccenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re really proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we take an agile approach, provide end-to-end services and maintain a realistic mindset. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)An expense allowanceDiscount on Accenture sharesThe possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a weekInterested?Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.Questions? Connect with Dorine Hogendorp at dorine.hogendorp@accenture.com",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.7,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c4f3b414&cb=1617276199711&jobListingId=4028831361,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e28fc90d&cb=1617276199711&jobListingId=4028831361,21d,21d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
9,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046571592,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Michael Page,Amsterdam,Beveiligingsbedrijven,Bedrijfsservices,"About Our ClientInternational bank The function is part of the local Amsterdam HR Division, and provides payroll tasks. The Head Office HR team is led by the Head of HR for who reports into the Deputy President (COO). The HR team consists of a designation HR team in Amsterdam (Operations, Recruitment, Advisory, Benefits & Reward), Brussels, Düsseldorf and Madrid and operational HR support in Warsaw, Vienna and Prague.Job DescriptionResponsible for running the monthly international payroll process, together with one other payroll colleague, for several entities (currently within Netherlands and Austria). During 2021 Spain, Portugal and Belgium will be added to the payroll servicesProvide advice and guidance on a range of standard payroll and HR procedures and practices, referring issues as appropriateWork closely together with the external payroll vendor - ADP - to ensure adherence to all federal, state, local guidelines regarding payroll, taxes, etc.Cooperate with Finance department in the drafting financial and tax reportsProvide and interpret data for monthly HR dashboardProvide project support / undertake projects if necessaryIdentify and recommend improvements, where appropriate, to processes, procedures and practicesUndertake a range of support duties including the provision of ad hoc information when requiredEnsure compliance with the rules, policies, procedures and guidelines together with all relevant regulatory and statutory requirements where appropriate implementing actions to protect business at all timesInternational, multicultural environmentBe part of an inspring, diverse HR teamThe Successful ApplicantInternational payroll experience is essential, preferably experience with ADP and WorkdayThe function requires a good understanding and practical experience across a number of Payroll and HR service disciplines, and remuneration & reward principlesThe function also requires excellent knowledge of and experience with automated database storage, processing and desktop IT skills. More than average knowledge of Excel is essentialKnowledge of immigration and expat regulations is preferableKnowledge of relevant legal, regulatory and statutory requirements, technical interpretation and the ability to provide advice thereon.Good understanding of MBE's overall strategy and goals, structures policies and culture together with a detailed knowledge of the policies, operations, systems in own areaThe HR associate keeps his/her knowledge and skills up-to-date by reading internal bulletins regarding his/her area and by external or internal educationMaintains contact with external organizations / professionals for exchange of information, developments and the sharing of best practice.Excellent analytical / reporting skillsPro-active, flexible and 'can do' attitudeTeam playerVerbal and written communication skills in Dutch and English are essential.What's on OfferInternational enviroinment Be part of an dedicated HR team career opportunities 13th month Exciting, challenging opportunity",Privébedrijf,3.6,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_fef46cc2&cb=1617276199712&jobListingId=4046571592,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_ea1d9372&cb=1617276199712&jobListingId=4046571592,1d,1d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
10,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4047628648,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Lepaya,Amsterdam,IT-services,Informatietechnologie,"Welcome to LepayaOur mission is to enable professionals across the globe to be more effective in their work and enjoy more happiness in life. Did you know that 85% of your effectiveness at work is determined by soft skills? To deliver on our mission, we deliver high impact soft skill training. Our training platform provides professionals with the more modern tools to develop themselves: online where possible, offline or face-to-face where that has more impact.We launched early 2018 and, the success of our approach is demonstrated by our rapidly expanding client-base - ranging from the most innovative and fast-growing scale-ups such as Bynder and Picnic, to global corporates such as ING, and L’Oreal.We are now fully committed to rapid growth and international expansion, supported by a recent €5 mln Series A investment. This makes it the perfect time to step in. The new SEO Specialist has the opportunity to work in a dynamic and entrepreneurial environment, where he/she plays a central role in achieving ambitious growth.A word on diversity: at Lepaya, all we’re askin’ is a little respect! To us, it doesn’t matter where you were born, what you believe in, how old you are, what you look like, or who you love. We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds will actually lift Lepaya to new heights and increase our power of thinking. Our passion is to build a strong culture with respect for each other’s unique experiences, backgrounds, perspectives and skills. Join us, as there is a place for you here!Why do we need you?Monitor and measure the performance of Lepaya’s rankings, strategies and related metricsImprove Lepaya’s organic search resultsDevelop, implement and manage link building strategiesOptimizing copy and landing pages for search engine optimizationOngoing keyword research to discover and expand keyword opportunitiesResearch and implement content recommendations for organic SEO successPerforming website audits and process on-page and technical issuesSpecifically, what would we expect you to deliver over the next 6-12 months?Lepaya shows up top 10 ranked for all relevant keywordsOur organic traffic exponentially increasesDesign & implement SEO strategy for each key marketIn an ideal world, who would you be?Tech savvyTrack record creating a top ranked websiteHands-on experience doing it all yourselfEarlier experience optimizing SEO for multiple markets (Netherlands, Germany, Sweden, United Kingdom, ….?)What competencies do you master?Communication skills (verbal + written)Results oriented way of workingCooperationAbility to learnProblem analysisAnalytical skillsCreative thinkingAccurateDecisiveAdaptabilityWe value capabilities over formal experience, yet what would we love to see on your resume?At least 2 years work experience in a relevant position;And of course, next to the challenge we offer, why is it amazing to work for Lepaya?You will join an inspiring and dynamic environment;You will participate in Lepaya’s own training curriculum;We offer accelerated personal growth and career opportunities;We offer an attractive compensation package;And the best: participation in the Lepaya Work-To-Live schedule consisting of unlimited holidays & a free Friday every second week.Are you looking for a challenge with a lot of responsibility and learning opportunities? Be part of a fun international team? Work on an innovative solution for learning & development? Get in touch with us now! As soon as possible after we have received your application, we will contact you. If we like your profile, we will invite you for a first chat via video call with our People Manager to explain to you more about us, the role, as well as the specifics of the interview process for the role.",Particuliere praktijk/firma,4.8,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_8b495293&cb=1617276199712&jobListingId=4047628648,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
11,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046571901,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Michael Page,Amsterdam,Beveiligingsbedrijven,Bedrijfsservices,"About Our ClientFashion CompanyJob DescriptionAs Affiliate Specialist you will report into the Head of Digital Marketing and develop and execute the global affiliate strategy, to ensure maximal results out of the affiliate channel. You use your platform data and customer insights to identify opportunities and scale collaborations with publishers both in the mid- and the lower part of the marketing funnel. You will use the latest technology that enables you to scale while keeping full control of the channel. By doing so, you have a significant impact on the growth of the company! This role is a unique opportunity for someone who is looking for the next step in their career and who likes to take ownership while working in a fast-paced, international environment. As our Affiliate Specialist, you:Have a strong vision on how to best leverage the affiliate channel to support the growth of the companyDevelop a best in class Affiliate program for Global including a solid commission structure, automation of processes and implementation of the right technologiesWork on the day to day execution of the affiliate channel, in close collaboration with the local marketing teamsBuild strong relationships important with partners in our affiliate programSupport local initiatives and tests, in collaboration with local marketing teamsManage and partner with internal and external stakeholders, like agencies, publishers, affiliate platforms and technology partnersFashion CompanyGlobal Digital Marketing RoleThe Successful ApplicantProfileA Bachelor's or Master's degreeA minimum of 3year' experience in affiliate marketing, with a proven track record on elaborating a strong vision on affiliate marketing and successfully implementing of affiliate programsDeep understanding of Affiliate platformsExperience with data feed management tooling and working with scripts is a plusExperience in working with influencers is a plusYou have experience in working in cross functional teams and multi-regional teamsYou have great written and verbal communication skills in English. An additional language (German, French) is a plusRelevant experience in Fashion and/or Retail industryStrong analytical, planning and problem-solving skillsYou have a hands-on mentalityYou are a team player with excellent communication skills,You are organized, detailed-oriented and able to manage multiple projects at one timeYou are able to learn quickly and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You know how to set priorities and turn challenges into a solution.You have an intrinsic curiosity to stay up to date on the latest digital marketing and Affiliate developmentsWhat's on OfferCompetitive salary packageInternational work environment",Privébedrijf,3.6,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_13a423e2&cb=1617276199713&jobListingId=4046571901,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9fdb48c8&cb=1617276199713&jobListingId=4046571901,1d,1d,2021-04-01,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
12,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4021625562,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Amazon,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_102ebf48&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4021625562,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
13,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4047866648,Customer Experience Specialist - German,south pole group,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6c29052e&cb=1617276199716&jobListingId=4047866648,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
14,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4044511477,Customer Experience Specialist - German,HAYS,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_1b19269f&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4044511477,4d,4d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
15,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3442540885,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Adyen,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=992125&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_4221deb4&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=3442540885,22d,22d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
16,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4045286826,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Philips,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_47587337&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4045286826,2d,2d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
17,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4047866568,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Booking.com,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9fe2b6c2&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4047866568,24u,24u,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
18,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4033913856,Customer Experience Specialist - German,CLUSE,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=14295&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_96780c03&cb=1617276199716&jobListingId=4033913856,15d,15d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
19,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4045274299,Customer Experience Specialist - German,LeasePlan Digital,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_0d66011d&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4045274299,2d,2d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
20,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046378176,Customer Experience Specialist - German,SoftwareONE,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_bb3297c0&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4046378176,1d,1d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
21,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3814607794,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Philips,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_2197bd8f&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=3814607794,1d,1d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
22,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4028970223,Customer Experience Specialist - German,McKinsey & Company,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a45cb840&cb=1617276199714&jobListingId=4028970223,21d,21d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
23,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3767493859,Customer Experience Specialist - German,Panda International,Amsterdam,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Customer Experience Specialist - GermanCatawiki's goal is to make special objects universally available. Our weekly auctions feature thousands of unusual, rare, and exceptional objects that you won't find in just any store.What does the work involve?Your goal is to delight our customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges, answering their questions and supporting them in solving their issues. The customer experience department plays a crucial role in driving the retention of customers, ensuring they come back to Catawiki again and again.We have a broad variety of customers, from traders in exclusive Ferrari's to Antique Jewellery collectors, and everything in between. Occasionally, there might be a dispute between a seller and a buyer. It is your challenge to mediate between each customer and find a solution that works for both. In this interesting customer service job you will gain knowledge on issues relating to legal, marketing, finance and international trade. Aside from this you will:Be responsible for making sure customer issues and questions are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner, via phone or email;Answer questions from customers, and from your extensive communication with users you look out for possibilities for improvements in our services;Manage disputes and complaints, finding the best solution for both parties;Work together with other departments to improve the customer experience.This is who you areCustomer service is totally your thing and you can communicate in a clear, customer-oriented manner. Customer satisfaction is your main goal. You try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems. You do this in a patient, clear and empathetic way with the aim of customer satisfaction.You speak fluent German and write flawlessly;You have experience in a customer related role (hospitality business, receptionist, callcenter, tourism etc.)You have a basic command of the English language;You are available for 40 hours per week;You can quickly switch between telephony and e-mail;You are willing to work 2 days a week until 19.00 pm and are available for 2 weekends a month;You are currently living in the Amsterdam, Netherlands area;You are willing to work on public holidays.What we offerGross salary of 2000 euro gross per month, based on 40 hours per week;Travel allowance if you are not living in Amsterdam;Catawikians who are performing good will get a permanent contract after 12 months;Catawikians who are performing good will get stock options in our company after 12 months and with that become an owner of Catawiki;A challenging job in a young, fast-growing, dynamic and international organisation;Freedom and responsibility to organise your work efficiently and friendly colleagues who are willing to help you;Yoga, healthy Friday, mindfulness;Regular fun employee activities and drinks;Excellent opportunities for career development towards sales, marketing or a lead agent role in the Customer Service department;Lots of room to work on great ideas, and to learn and grow.Application procedureApply!Customer Experience test. By taking this test, you are already assuming the role of Customer Experience Specialist at Catawiki. The great thing is that you can take this short test at home.Telephone interview. A recruiter from Catawiki will call you to get acquainted.Interview with the manager and a colleague from the Customer Service department.Contract proposal.Hired! Every first week of the month we start a new training group!How it all startedCatawiki was founded in 2008; it was originally designed as a website where collectors could manage and keep track of their collections online. Visitors can still add new items to the existing catalog of collectibles. Unsurprisingly, the name Catawiki is a combination of the words 'catalogue' and 'wiki'. In 2011, Catawiki began hosting weekly auctions in various categories, including art, antiques, classic cars, watches, jewelry, fashion, books, and stamps.Are you interested?Apply now if you are interested in this vacancy! Attach your CV and cover letter to your application, clearly stating why you are the candidate we're looking for. By submitting your application, you agree to Catawiki's applicant privacy policy.Find our more about our team and cultureDiversityCatawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.
Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=1044074&s=58&guid=000001788d65d539bb99ac7d54f28232&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_a7b28463&cb=1617279964662&jobListingId=3812413125,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001788d2c61d0b68d5c6ea50764c8&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_cdbae265&cb=1617276199715&jobListingId=3767493859,27d,27d,2021-04-01,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
24,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4022196127,Quality Specialist,Richemont,Amsterdam,"Beautyshops, verkoop persoonlijke accessoires",Detailhandel,"Reference Code: 29666Quality SpecialistRichemontAmsterdam, NH, NLFixed TermRichemont owns some of the world’s leading luxury goods Maisons, with particular strengths in jewellery, fine watches and premium accessories. Each Maison represents a proud tradition of style, quality and craftsmanship and Richemont seeks to preserve the heritage and identity of each of its Maisons. At the same time, we are committed to innovation and designing new products which are in keeping with our Maisons’ values, through a process of continuous creativity.“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training ManagerDiversity is at our core ... but what unites us all is the quality over quantity mindset, passion for representing the highest quality and the impact that we have on people`s lives, helping them to create lasting memories with their loved ones. Join us in our beautiful historic building on Herengracht and grow with our brands A. Lange & Sohne, Baume & Mercier, Chloe, dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Roger Dubuis, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels.HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?Through the execution of the Multibrand Client Relations Center’s quality strategy, you provide basis for continuous improvement in the Ambassador team. You will execute monthly assessments to provide a snapshot of both the health of the overall program as well as individual development needs. While supporting the quality assessment process, you also own the developmental follow-up process, working together with the rest of the Business Excellence team to facilitate improvement and adaptation. You will be responsible to report on monthly quality results, to define individual development plans, and to prepare and distribute performance dashboards.As part of the Business Excellence team, you will support the team by maintaining the quality guidelines in the knowledge base and serving back-up to the Quality & Systems Specialist. You will support the mission of continual improvement in service both to our client and our Ambassadors.HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?We believe in shared success and understanding that with your actions you elevate your team and brand.To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?A great opportunity to work in a reputable and professional leading company in the luxury industry.Become a part of a dynamic and diverse team and take a decisive step towards your career development within our organization.YOUR JOURNEY WITH US1. Prior to your first interview, you will be asked to complete an online assessment.2. You will then interview with the Business Excellence & Training Manager and Learning & Development Specialist.3. If successful, you will be invited for a second interview with the Client Relations Center Manager and our HR Business Partner.4. We wish you the best of luck and hope to be able to give you that final call with the offer.
Reference Code: 29666
Reference Code: 29666
Reference Code: 29666
Reference Code: 29666
Quality Specialist
Quality Specialist
Quality Specialist
Quality Specialist
Richemont
Richemont
Richemont
Richemont
Amsterdam, NH, NL
Amsterdam, NH, NL
Amsterdam, NH, NL
Amsterdam, NH, NL
Fixed Term
Fixed Term
Fixed Term
Fixed Term

Richemont owns some of the world’s leading luxury goods Maisons, with particular strengths in jewellery, fine watches and premium accessories. Each Maison represents a proud tradition of style, quality and craftsmanship and Richemont seeks to preserve the heritage and identity of each of its Maisons. At the same time, we are committed to innovation and designing new products which are in keeping with our Maisons’ values, through a process of continuous creativity.
Richemont owns some of the world’s leading luxury goods Maisons, with particular strengths in jewellery, fine watches and premium accessories. Each Maison represents a proud tradition of style, quality and craftsmanship and Richemont seeks to preserve the heritage and identity of each of its Maisons. At the same time, we are committed to innovation and designing new products which are in keeping with our Maisons’ values, through a process of continuous creativity.
“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training ManagerDiversity is at our core ... but what unites us all is the quality over quantity mindset, passion for representing the highest quality and the impact that we have on people`s lives, helping them to create lasting memories with their loved ones. Join us in our beautiful historic building on Herengracht and grow with our brands A. Lange & Sohne, Baume & Mercier, Chloe, dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Roger Dubuis, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels.HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?Through the execution of the Multibrand Client Relations Center’s quality strategy, you provide basis for continuous improvement in the Ambassador team. You will execute monthly assessments to provide a snapshot of both the health of the overall program as well as individual development needs. While supporting the quality assessment process, you also own the developmental follow-up process, working together with the rest of the Business Excellence team to facilitate improvement and adaptation. You will be responsible to report on monthly quality results, to define individual development plans, and to prepare and distribute performance dashboards.As part of the Business Excellence team, you will support the team by maintaining the quality guidelines in the knowledge base and serving back-up to the Quality & Systems Specialist. You will support the mission of continual improvement in service both to our client and our Ambassadors.HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?We believe in shared success and understanding that with your actions you elevate your team and brand.To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?A great opportunity to work in a reputable and professional leading company in the luxury industry.Become a part of a dynamic and diverse team and take a decisive step towards your career development within our organization.YOUR JOURNEY WITH US1. Prior to your first interview, you will be asked to complete an online assessment.2. You will then interview with the Business Excellence & Training Manager and Learning & Development Specialist.3. If successful, you will be invited for a second interview with the Client Relations Center Manager and our HR Business Partner.4. We wish you the best of luck and hope to be able to give you that final call with the offer.
“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training ManagerDiversity is at our core ... but what unites us all is the quality over quantity mindset, passion for representing the highest quality and the impact that we have on people`s lives, helping them to create lasting memories with their loved ones. Join us in our beautiful historic building on Herengracht and grow with our brands A. Lange & Sohne, Baume & Mercier, Chloe, dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Roger Dubuis, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels.HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?Through the execution of the Multibrand Client Relations Center’s quality strategy, you provide basis for continuous improvement in the Ambassador team. You will execute monthly assessments to provide a snapshot of both the health of the overall program as well as individual development needs. While supporting the quality assessment process, you also own the developmental follow-up process, working together with the rest of the Business Excellence team to facilitate improvement and adaptation. You will be responsible to report on monthly quality results, to define individual development plans, and to prepare and distribute performance dashboards.As part of the Business Excellence team, you will support the team by maintaining the quality guidelines in the knowledge base and serving back-up to the Quality & Systems Specialist. You will support the mission of continual improvement in service both to our client and our Ambassadors.HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?We believe in shared success and understanding that with your actions you elevate your team and brand.To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?A great opportunity to work in a reputable and professional leading company in the luxury industry.Become a part of a dynamic and diverse team and take a decisive step towards your career development within our organization.YOUR JOURNEY WITH US1. Prior to your first interview, you will be asked to complete an online assessment.2. You will then interview with the Business Excellence & Training Manager and Learning & Development Specialist.3. If successful, you will be invited for a second interview with the Client Relations Center Manager and our HR Business Partner.4. We wish you the best of luck and hope to be able to give you that final call with the offer.
“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training ManagerDiversity is at our core ... but what unites us all is the quality over quantity mindset, passion for representing the highest quality and the impact that we have on people`s lives, helping them to create lasting memories with their loved ones. Join us in our beautiful historic building on Herengracht and grow with our brands A. Lange & Sohne, Baume & Mercier, Chloe, dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Roger Dubuis, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels.HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?Through the execution of the Multibrand Client Relations Center’s quality strategy, you provide basis for continuous improvement in the Ambassador team. You will execute monthly assessments to provide a snapshot of both the health of the overall program as well as individual development needs. While supporting the quality assessment process, you also own the developmental follow-up process, working together with the rest of the Business Excellence team to facilitate improvement and adaptation. You will be responsible to report on monthly quality results, to define individual development plans, and to prepare and distribute performance dashboards.As part of the Business Excellence team, you will support the team by maintaining the quality guidelines in the knowledge base and serving back-up to the Quality & Systems Specialist. You will support the mission of continual improvement in service both to our client and our Ambassadors.HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?We believe in shared success and understanding that with your actions you elevate your team and brand.To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?A great opportunity to work in a reputable and professional leading company in the luxury industry.Become a part of a dynamic and diverse team and take a decisive step towards your career development within our organization.YOUR JOURNEY WITH US1. Prior to your first interview, you will be asked to complete an online assessment.2. You will then interview with the Business Excellence & Training Manager and Learning & Development Specialist.3. If successful, you will be invited for a second interview with the Client Relations Center Manager and our HR Business Partner.4. We wish you the best of luck and hope to be able to give you that final call with the offer.
“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training ManagerDiversity is at our core ... but what unites us all is the quality over quantity mindset, passion for representing the highest quality and the impact that we have on people`s lives, helping them to create lasting memories with their loved ones. Join us in our beautiful historic building on Herengracht and grow with our brands A. Lange & Sohne, Baume & Mercier, Chloe, dunhill, IWC Schaffhausen, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Officine Panerai, Piaget, Roger Dubuis, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels.HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?Through the execution of the Multibrand Client Relations Center’s quality strategy, you provide basis for continuous improvement in the Ambassador team. You will execute monthly assessments to provide a snapshot of both the health of the overall program as well as individual development needs. While supporting the quality assessment process, you also own the developmental follow-up process, working together with the rest of the Business Excellence team to facilitate improvement and adaptation. You will be responsible to report on monthly quality results, to define individual development plans, and to prepare and distribute performance dashboards.As part of the Business Excellence team, you will support the team by maintaining the quality guidelines in the knowledge base and serving back-up to the Quality & Systems Specialist. You will support the mission of continual improvement in service both to our client and our Ambassadors.HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?We believe in shared success and understanding that with your actions you elevate your team and brand.To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?A great opportunity to work in a reputable and professional leading company in the luxury industry.Become a part of a dynamic and diverse team and take a decisive step towards your career development within our organization.YOUR JOURNEY WITH US1. Prior to your first interview, you will be asked to complete an online assessment.2. You will then interview with the Business Excellence & Training Manager and Learning & Development Specialist.3. If successful, you will be invited for a second interview with the Client Relations Center Manager and our HR Business Partner.4. We wish you the best of luck and hope to be able to give you that final call with the offer.
“As Quality Specialist, you will provide the backbone of the customer experience, by ensuring a consistently excellent level of service is provided to each client by our CRC Ambassadors. You will embody and instill the words of Aristotle, that ‘quality is not an act, it is a habit.’”Lorilea Zabadal, Business Excellence & Training Manager
To contribute to team success, you:Have strong previous experience in offering outstanding customer support and exceeding client needsMaintain excellent communication in English and French and/or German language(s), both written and oralPossess a knack for attention to detail, growth mindset, and a passion for feedbackEmbody the CRC Essential Competencies of customer focus, service- and solution-orientationPossess natural curiosity for digging into, understanding, and improving CRC processes and proceduresProficient in Office 365 app suite (MS Office + SharePoint, Teams, Yammer; PowerAutomate a plus)",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.8,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_71eab685&cb=1617328762159&jobListingId=4022196127,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b09a5d31&cb=1617328762159&jobListingId=4022196127,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
25,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4050430943,Quality Specialist,Kelly Services,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third parties",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.5,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=202&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_37f790de&cb=1617328762153&jobListingId=4050430943,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=202&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_6d4ca8e0&cb=1617328762153&jobListingId=4050430943,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
26,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4044511546,Electrical Specialist,HAYS,Leiden,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third parties",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.5,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=000001789088e57d98631fa41fde2fc6&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_54f8b914&cb=1617332594360&jobListingId=4050430943,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=204&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_580e6cf4&cb=1617328762155&jobListingId=4044511546,5d,5d,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
27,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4049621937,Electrical Specialist,Dentsply Sirona,Venlo,Productie gezondheidszorgproducten,Productie,"
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.

Bringing out the best in people

As advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.

Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:

Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.

Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.

Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.

Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.
Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.

If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com. Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=205&ao=4127&s=58&guid=000001789088e57d98631fa41fde2fc6&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3a0f7e3b&cb=1617332594380&jobListingId=4049621937,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=205&ao=4127&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_555b5533&cb=1617328762160&jobListingId=4049621937,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
28,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4022195795,Electrical Specialist,Eurofins Central Laboratory,Leiden,IT-services,Informatietechnologie,"Welcome to LepayaOur mission is to enable professionals across the globe to be more effective in their work and enjoy more happiness in life. Did you know that 85% of your effectiveness at work is determined by soft skills? To deliver on our mission, we deliver high impact soft skill training. Our training platform provides professionals with the more modern tools to develop themselves: online where possible, offline or face-to-face where that has more impact.We launched early 2018 and, the success of our approach is demonstrated by our rapidly expanding client-base - ranging from the most innovative and fast-growing scale-ups such as Bynder and Picnic, to global corporates such as ING, and L’Oreal.We are now fully committed to rapid growth and international expansion, supported by a recent €5 mln Series A investment. This makes it the perfect time to step in. The new SEO Specialist has the opportunity to work in a dynamic and entrepreneurial environment, where he/she plays a central role in achieving ambitious growth.A word on diversity: at Lepaya, all we’re askin’ is a little respect! To us, it doesn’t matter where you were born, what you believe in, how old you are, what you look like, or who you love. We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds will actually lift Lepaya to new heights and increase our power of thinking. Our passion is to build a strong culture with respect for each other’s unique experiences, backgrounds, perspectives and skills. Join us, as there is a place for you here!Why do we need you?Monitor and measure the performance of Lepaya’s rankings, strategies and related metricsImprove Lepaya’s organic search resultsDevelop, implement and manage link building strategiesOptimizing copy and landing pages for search engine optimizationOngoing keyword research to discover and expand keyword opportunitiesResearch and implement content recommendations for organic SEO successPerforming website audits and process on-page and technical issuesSpecifically, what would we expect you to deliver over the next 6-12 months?Lepaya shows up top 10 ranked for all relevant keywordsOur organic traffic exponentially increasesDesign & implement SEO strategy for each key marketIn an ideal world, who would you be?Tech savvyTrack record creating a top ranked websiteHands-on experience doing it all yourselfEarlier experience optimizing SEO for multiple markets (Netherlands, Germany, Sweden, United Kingdom, ….?)What competencies do you master?Communication skills (verbal + written)Results oriented way of workingCooperationAbility to learnProblem analysisAnalytical skillsCreative thinkingAccurateDecisiveAdaptabilityWe value capabilities over formal experience, yet what would we love to see on your resume?At least 2 years work experience in a relevant position;And of course, next to the challenge we offer, why is it amazing to work for Lepaya?You will join an inspiring and dynamic environment;You will participate in Lepaya’s own training curriculum;We offer accelerated personal growth and career opportunities;We offer an attractive compensation package;And the best: participation in the Lepaya Work-To-Live schedule consisting of unlimited holidays & a free Friday every second week.Are you looking for a challenge with a lot of responsibility and learning opportunities? Be part of a fun international team? Work on an innovative solution for learning & development? Get in touch with us now! As soon as possible after we have received your application, we will contact you. If we like your profile, we will invite you for a first chat via video call with our People Manager to explain to you more about us, the role, as well as the specifics of the interview process for the role.",Particuliere praktijk/firma,4.8,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=207&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_fd96838c&cb=1617328762160&jobListingId=4022195795,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
29,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4049589345,Electrical Specialist,De Lage Landen,Eindhoven,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third parties",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.5,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017890cfc538b21d2091726b443a&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_b85979cf&cb=1617337239052&jobListingId=4050430943,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=210&ao=134900&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_cb17b42f&cb=1617328762161&jobListingId=4049589345,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
30,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4022016118,Electrical Specialist,Richemont,Amsterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third partiesManagement of technical drawingsParticipation in project groups for renovations, adjustments on technical installations and renovationsIs the Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to GMP equipment.Participate in on call servicesYour profileYou have completed a technical education on at least MTS Electro or equivalentYou are an enthusiastic and flexible technical professional with at least one year of working experienceYou are accurate, customer oriented and you think in solutionsYou communicate effectively with internal and external customersYou have a reasonable command of the Dutch and English languageYou can effectively organize your own work and determine prioritiesYou are a team player and others describe you as proactive, hands-on and result-orientedYou reside in and are eligible to work in The Netherlands (valid work permit)Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. That is why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.We are looking forward to your online application at www.wacker.com/careersMet betrekking tot deze functie fungeert Kelly Services als officieel bemiddelaar. Wanneer je de beslissing maakt om op deze functie te solliciteren zullen jouw gegevens in overeenstemming met Kelly's Privacy Statement worden verwerkt.Met oog op de AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) verwelkomt Kelly Services sollicitaties van iedere geschikte kandidaat, ongeacht etniciteit, geslacht, beperking, religieuze overtuiging, seksuele geaardheid of leeftijd.-Regarding this role, Kelly Services acts as the official mediator. When you decide to apply to this role your personal information will be processed in accordance with Kelly's Privacy StatementIn keeping with the AWGB (Algemene Wet Gelijke Behandeling) Kelly Services welcomes applications from any and all eligible candidates regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age.
Our world needs ideas! As one of the world's most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors - from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber - for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 13,800 employees from 70 nations.Are you looking for a dynamic, globally active technology company - yet at the same time, you appreciate a value-oriented, trusting company? We offer you exciting work as part of a team of experts who treat each other as equals. All over the world.In our biopharmaceutical organization with sites in Germany and the Netherlands we are fast-growing, and we are always looking to attract motivated new colleagues who wish to enhance their development in every phase of life; who share our values and who would like to be part of a family.At our Amsterdam-based center Wacker Biotech B.V. focuses on the GMP-compliant microbial based production of recombinant proteins, vaccines and live microbials as drug substance and drug product.We are currently looking to recruit a (Electrical) Specialist for our Facility Management Department f/m/d). For more detailed information please feel free to contact Mrs. Sari Steenhauer, tel. 0031(0)6 33 13 77 46.Please note: Agency acquisition to this vacancy is not appreciated.The Facility Department manages and maintains installations, the building and the technical equipment, production and laboratory inventory and gives advice on the purchase of technical equipment. The members of the department participate in projects, such as renovations, installation and technical adjustment projects. Furthermore, the Facility Department is responsible for calibration activitiesYour tasksIndependently perform preventive and corrective maintenance on utility and electrical installations of production and office equipmentRegistering, calculating, checking and assessing maintenance/production data of the activities / tasks for which you are authorized in an accurate, clear and timely mannerEnsuring that all production utilities are operationalResponsible for making minor changes, installations or modifications on facilitiesSupervises the need for spare parts and manages the spare partsTrain colleagues in activities, use and maintenance of various installationsCoordinates various activities with production and QC colleaguesCoordinating and supervising maintenance activities by third parties",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.5,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891191d0b9794f6a658463670&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_fcbbf7ec&cb=1617342045686&jobListingId=4050430943,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=214&ao=191997&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_67310a43&cb=1617328762160&jobListingId=4022016118,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
31,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4047613541,Electrical Specialist,HAYS,Leiden,Productie gezondheidszorgproducten,Productie,"Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.Bringing out the best in peopleAs advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.Transportation AnalystReporting to the Transportation Manager, this is a key role supporting the European transportation function, including working with carriers on freight services, analyze and tracking freight costs, and work closely with other 3rd party transportation companies. The major focus of this job will be to coordinate and lead implementation of best practice Transportation freight audit, freight payment, and freight scorecards. This includes implementing Transportation systems and processes, customer collaboration initiatives, and transportation design modeling and implementation. The incumbent will establish relationships with internal Business Unit customers, vendors, and Dentsply Sirona external customers. Total Freight spend for EMEA is close to $40M.Key ResponsibilitiesDrive the development, evaluation, and sustainability of the service provider network to meet and exceed the requirements of Dentsply Sirona. The service provider network must support cost controls, performance metrics, capacity requirements, company growth, and business continuity.Develop annual initiative pipeline that meets or exceeds individual and team goals and provide cost certainty and improved service and quality to Dentsply Sirona divisional business units.Manage the implementation of cost, quality, and service improvement projects. Capture and report initiative results.Lead building an RFQ process that will deliver significant freight savings and improve customer serviceSupport carrier relationship management initiatives, which include coordinating, conducting, managing, and reporting routine and formal carrier meeting reviews that drive continuous carrier improvements, deliver business results, and identify areas of opportunity.Review, monitor, and manage transportation activity and spend for assigned shipping sites, and carriers.Manage the relationship between transportation operations and freight pay and audit.Understand the vendors’ rate structures across modes in order to negotiate the best rates possible while balancing capacity, service and quality.Carrier portfolio development including the analysis of new potential carrier service offerings.Ensure controls are in place and validated to support contractual, insurance and risk management compliance with current legal regulations.Lead the development and implementation of Transportation Management best practices across the organization.Present cost, quality, and service business cases to leadership within Dentsply Sirona EMEA divisional business units.SOP/SLA development guidance.Lead training programs and provides training to Dentsply divisions in the use of transportation and best practice processesRequirements and qualificationsBachelor’s degree in Logistics, Transportation, or other Business-related fieldMinimum of 3 years of transportation operations and carrier managementKnowledge of European transportation regulatory requirements, transportation contracts, contractual language, claims and insurance requirements.Bring extensive industry knowledge and demonstrated ability to influence at the carrier leadership level.Working knowledge of European carrier operations, rate structures and contracts.Excellent written and oral communication skills and be able to communicate with all levels and departments both within and outside the company, fluent in English.Ability to manage multiple cross-functional and cross-organizational projects.Interpersonal skills to deal effectively with all levels of the organization.Strong appreciation for analytics and critical thinking.Work effectively with others in the transportation team to resolve interdepartmental issues.Proficient in the use of Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.Shipper and Consulting experience highly preferred.Travel up to 15%Along with this exciting role comes a very competitive salary and an attractive benefits package including Pension and Collective health insurance.Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com . Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.Bringing out the best in peopleAs advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.Bringing out the best in peopleAs advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.Bringing out the best in peopleAs advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.Bringing out the best in peopleAs advanced as dentistry is today, we are dedicated to making it even better. Our people have a passion for innovation and are committed to applying it to improve dental care. We live and breathe high performance, working as one global team, bringing out the best in each other for the benefit of dental patients, and the professionals who serve them. If you want to grow and develop as a part of a team that is shaping an industry, then we’re looking for the best to join us.Working at Dentsply Sirona you are able to:Develop faster - with our commitment to the best professional development.Perform better - as part of a high-performance, empowering culture.Shape an industry - with a market leader that continues to drive innovation.Make a difference -by helping improve oral health worldwide.
Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com . Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.
Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com . Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.
Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com . Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.
Dentsply Sirona is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or protected Veteran status. We appreciate your interest in Dentsply Sirona.If you need assistance with completing the online application due to a disability, please send an accommodation request to careers@dentsplysirona.com . Please be sure to include “Accommodation Request” in the subject.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=215&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891191d0b9794f6a658463670&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f09559ba&cb=1617342045690&jobListingId=4049823919,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=215&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d3f9eab9&cb=1617328762160&jobListingId=4047613541,1d,1d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
32,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4033932645,Electrical Specialist,Grundfos,Groningen,Logistiek en supply chain,Transport en logistiek,"Are you knowledgeable about computer systems, electronic systems, and software applications? Can you educate people, answer questions, and troubleshoot any related problems about technology-based products and services? We are looking for a Technical Support Specialist, based in Waalwijk, to solve technical problems and provide support for all assigned areas.About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.At syncreon we are fully committed to the health and safety of our employees. We have full prevention and mitigation processes in place, including cleaning and sanitization practices, as well as screenings, masks and social distancing. syncreon complies with national, state and local orders.Compensationsyncreon offers exciting and challenging roles within a growing international organization. We strive to hire and develop the right people, locally and globally; stimulating personal growth and self-development within an informal atmosphere. We offer a market competitive compensation package.About syncreonsyncreon delivers tailored, progressive and scalable solutions to premier global automotive and technology brands, such as Jaguar Land Rover, Harley Davidson, BMW, Dell, Xerox and Canon. We supply 3PL and 4PL solutions that adapt as quickly as industry and the marketplace evolve. For over 60 years syncreon has provided unique and innovative expertise in providing highly integrated, warehousing management, inbound to manufacturing, reverse and repair, export packing, aftermarket services, fulfilment services and transport. Today we have 14,000+ employees working in 100+ locations worldwide who enjoy our supportive culture, dedication to work-life balance, people development and superb career opportunities. For more information, visit www.syncreon.com.NoteCandidates chosen to move forward within the Recruitment Process, may be required to undergo an assessment and/or submit further background information. Any offers of employment may be conditional on completion of required checks and provision of relevant documentation, in accordance with the applicable local legislation.
About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.
About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.
About the Role
How you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.
Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.
Your Key Qualifications
A combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.",Privébedrijf,2.8,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=217&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891191d0b9794f6a658463670&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3e6b1b83&cb=1617342045694&jobListingId=4050142797,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=217&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3e344aa2&cb=1617328762336&jobListingId=4033932645,16d,16d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
33,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4043879765,BI Specialist,Rabobank,Utrecht,Logistiek en supply chain,Transport en logistiek,"Are you knowledgeable about computer systems, electronic systems, and software applications? Can you educate people, answer questions, and troubleshoot any related problems about technology-based products and services? We are looking for a Technical Support Specialist, based in Waalwijk, to solve technical problems and provide support for all assigned areas.About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.At syncreon we are fully committed to the health and safety of our employees. We have full prevention and mitigation processes in place, including cleaning and sanitization practices, as well as screenings, masks and social distancing. syncreon complies with national, state and local orders.Compensationsyncreon offers exciting and challenging roles within a growing international organization. We strive to hire and develop the right people, locally and globally; stimulating personal growth and self-development within an informal atmosphere. We offer a market competitive compensation package.About syncreonsyncreon delivers tailored, progressive and scalable solutions to premier global automotive and technology brands, such as Jaguar Land Rover, Harley Davidson, BMW, Dell, Xerox and Canon. We supply 3PL and 4PL solutions that adapt as quickly as industry and the marketplace evolve. For over 60 years syncreon has provided unique and innovative expertise in providing highly integrated, warehousing management, inbound to manufacturing, reverse and repair, export packing, aftermarket services, fulfilment services and transport. Today we have 14,000+ employees working in 100+ locations worldwide who enjoy our supportive culture, dedication to work-life balance, people development and superb career opportunities. For more information, visit www.syncreon.com.NoteCandidates chosen to move forward within the Recruitment Process, may be required to undergo an assessment and/or submit further background information. Any offers of employment may be conditional on completion of required checks and provision of relevant documentation, in accordance with the applicable local legislation.
About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.
About the RoleHow you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.
About the Role
How you will contributeResponsible for implementing standards as established by the system and network engineering teams in regard to planning and supporting the plants in the areas of desktop, WAN, LAN , servers, and disaster recovery.Provide second level diagnostic support the System and Network Engineering Teams and the Service Desk in supporting the plants as it relates to; Desktops, WAN, LAN, and Servers as well as capture site specific network, server, and end device documentation.Creates / updates work instructions for new tasks or as the steps for existing tasks are modified, ensures all documentation is in the proper format and is stored in the location identified by the TSS team lead.Participate in global support on-call rotation to support the various geographic syncreon plants and location and is also available during on call support. Answers the telephone when called and is able to connect to the syncreon network within 10 minutes of notification.Monitors emails for alert notifications from the service desk and resolves or escalates these as required.Provides change management support during the weekend when on call.Participates, enforces, and follows syncreon’s change, incident, and problem management processes and escalates, where required to the Service Desk following the predefined escalation procedure.Adheres to syncreon’s security process proactively identifying security issues and escalating these to the TSS team lead or appropriate manager as well as syncreon’s purchasing processes ensuring that all IT equipment is properly tracked throughout the hardware lifecycle.Provides onsite support for new site launches and server/network refreshes.Other duties as assigned.
Your Key QualificationsA combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.
Your Key Qualifications
A combination of professional training and certifications in computer science with 2+ years of related work experience in a position(s) with increasing responsibility and supervisory duties may be accepted.Solid attention to detail and the ability to create and document process and procedures.Good verbal and written communication skills with internal IT colleagues; business leaders and external audit community.The ability to work within a very demanding environment and handling stress in a positive manner and maintain a high degree of confidentiality.Excellent organizational and problem solving skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks.Strong written and verbal skills in English.A strong understanding and working knowledge of desktop hardware, operating systems and software.A good understanding of network systems and protocols as well as server hardware and operating systems.",Privébedrijf,2.8,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=219&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178915eac2283c55571fb5bcd10&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_9448fbf3&cb=1617346604256&jobListingId=4050142797,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=219&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_52b644dc&cb=1617328762161&jobListingId=4043879765,6d,6d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
34,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4045309209,BI Specialist,Cargill,Sas van Gent,Biotechnologie en farmacie,Biotechnologie en farmacie,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILEEverything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients' faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.Quality Management System (QMS) SpecialistKyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. HoofddorpNetherlandsJob Purpose:To participate in the implementation, execution, delivery and maintenance of the Kyowa Kirin Holdings B.V. (KKH) GxP Quality Management Systems and be the subject matter expert in the KKH QMS.RESPONSIBILITIES:Ensure all aspect of KKH's GxP Quality Management Systems (QMS) are fully documented and its effectiveness monitored.Lead, participate in continuous improvement of the established QMS in order to support:Continuous compliance with KKH's regulatory licenses (MIA/WDA/CDL) requirements.Continuous compliance with KKK's MA requirements.Batch certification and release of commercial products in the EU in accordance with EU GMP Annex 16.Distribution of pharmaceutical products in the EMEA region in accordance with GDP 2013/C343/01.Implement all Kyowa Kirin QA Global Policies and Global/Regional Procedures relevant to the KKHs activities.Facilitate prompt and professional communication of key issues to KKH management as required to ensure effective collaboration towards compliant resolution of issues relating to licence compliance, manufacture, supply and distribution of product.Activity support on oversight of the established Quality System viaPlanning of regular management review meetings and monitoring of defined actions.Provide regular reports of key performance indicators to senior management (local/regional), as part of the QMS, so that the appropriate resources can be allocated and corrective actions implemented, as necessary.Influence project management meetings in order to assure ongoing activities, identify and address any gaps relating to KKH QMS GxP compliance.Ensure training programs (induction and refresher) are in place and trainings are performed for all personnel involved in GMP/GDP to ensure compliance with both EU/local cGMDP requirements and Kyowa Kirin QA Policies/Procedures.Train temporary contractors/consultants in applicable Kyowa Kirin QA Global Policies and Global/Regional Procedures and maintain oversight of their activities in line with these.Facilitate internal & external audits to assess adherence to EU/local cGMDP requirements and Kyowa Kirin QA Policies/Procedures.Prepare and maintain Technical (Quality) Agreements with third party organisations involved in the QMS so that roles and responsibilities between the contracted parties are clearly defined and implemented.Ensure appropriate change control system is in place and lead change controls following quality risk management principles in order to ensure the is change be proportionate and effective.Lead investigation of deviations, ensure appropriate CAPAs and all is properly documented.Ensure appropriate corrective and preventive actions (CAPA) process is in place in order to correct deviations and prevent them in line with the principles of quality risk management.Closely liaise with local and international internal (e.g. KKS) and external stakeholders.QUALIFICATIONS:Degree in life science or equivalent with preference of a minimum of 3 to 5 years' experience.Specialist knowledge and experience of pharmaceutical QMS processes and practices.Firm knowledge of GDP and GMPExperience of working within the pharmaceutical industry operating in a Quality Assurance position at a manufacturing/distribution site.Good working knowledge of GxPs and international QMS GxPs, especially in the interpretation of EU and FDA requirements, for the manufacture, control and distribution of commercial product and clinical trial materialsEffectively working with cross-functional teams at local/international level.Dutch and English language - both verbal and written.BENEFITS:In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:Competitive salaryBonusPension schemeTo meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who'll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we'd love for you to join us in our efforts.kyowakirin.com/careersKyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=220&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178915eac2283c55571fb5bcd10&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_c24dbe0e&cb=1617346604258&jobListingId=3817176760,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=220&ao=1173349&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_917f1e74&cb=1617328762161&jobListingId=4045309209,3d,3d,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
35,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4045452457,BI Specialist,Philips,Amsterdam,Voedselproductie,Landbouw en bosbouw,"Want to build a stronger, more sustainable future and cultivate your career? Join Cargill's global team of 155,000 employees who are committed to safe, responsible and sustainable ways to nourish the world. This position is in Cargills food ingredients and bio-industrial business, where we anticipate trends around taste, nutrition and safety to innovate and provide solutions to manufacturers, retailers and foodservice companies.
JOB PURPOSE AND IMPACT
The FSQR Specialist is responsible for providing specialized knowledge of specific segments of our quality systems and/or plant processes such as food safety and quality auditing, instrumentation, specific product line knowledge, computer systems, management and/or oversight of suppliers and other needed focus areas. You will be involved in preparation and participation of customer audits. You will work together with internal and external teams to address customer requirements and concerns, as well as collaborate on audits.
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Our Offer
In return for your expertise and commitment, we will provide a fast paced stimulating international environment, which will stretch your abilities and channel your talents. We also offer competitive salary and benefits combined with outstanding career development opportunities in one of the largest and most solid private companies in the world.
Interested? Then make sure to send us your CV and cover letter in English today.

Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cargill
Cargill is committed to being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more https://careers.cargill.com/diversity/",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=221&ao=1173349&s=58&guid=00000178915eac2283c55571fb5bcd10&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_47c3ce9b&cb=1617346604256&jobListingId=4045309209,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=221&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_459ff93b&cb=1617328762161&jobListingId=4045452457,3d,3d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
36,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4047612801,QA Specialist,Cargill,Schiphol,Reclame en marketing,Bedrijfsservices,"Someone who knows how to set up test plans and scripts. Who can perform those tests. And guard and improve quality of platforms of large, international brands. Sounds like you? Read on, because we might have a match!Your roleAs our new QA Specialist you and your colleagues will be working on stabilizing platforms for our clients. And these are not the least. Volkswagen, Procter & Gamble, Action, Yamaha and CZ: they are all part of our portfolio. In each phase of the process, you pay attention to the stability, usability, continuity, performance and the design of the platform. You do this with different QA techniques, tools and test scenarios. The right tool depends on the chosen test approach or goal. For example, end-to-end testing, integration testing, regression testing or exploratory testing.Within Agile testing, we are working more and more towards automatization, so we pursue this goal with the entire team. Oh, and speaking about the team: you will form a knowledge triangle with the Product Owner and Scrum Master, but you will also be working closely with your development team.Your profileWhat do we expect from you?You are a team player who doesn’t strive for perfection, but for a solution that suits the customer’s needsYou have a flexible mindset. As soon as user stories are transferred by developers, it is up to you to test them right away. So you have to be flexible in the scope and planning of your tests and align timely with your development team about the delivery.You can work independently and are assertiveYou can keep all the plates spinning. Working on several projects at the same time shouldn’t scare you, as you won’t be scheduled on projects full-timeYour are proficient in English and DutchYou don’t mind working (partly) from home – at least while the Covid-19 measures lastNext to this, we expect the following skills:Academic or higher professional education working levelAt least 3 years of experience as a tester in the IT field with experience in online projects (level ISTQB Foundation / TMap)The main language in most projects is English. Therefore, good English writing and speaking skills are requiredExperience with working in a Scrum/Agile team is a mustKnowledge of Javascript or a different programming language (like C# or Java) is a mustKnowledge of automated testing tools (like Cypress) is a plusKnowledge of Load/Performance testing is a plusKnowledge of Content Management Systems with Commerce solutions is a plusKnowledge of TDD of BDD is a plusWhat we offerWhat do we offer in return?Good employment terms and conditions, a competitive salary and room to develop yourself. How quickly your career progresses and how fast your salary grows depends entirely on you – with some help from your mentor, of course. Our internal Academy will also help you continue to develop yourself. In addition, you can also follow a work-related educational program with an external provider (in consultation with your mentor). And because work, learning and private life are increasingly entwined, you can arrange a flexible work schedule to match your creative peaks.Furthermore, you'll get this:25 vacation days. Want more? You can buy up to 10 days extraPension schemeTravel allowance (every colleague gets a NS Businesscard)Group health insuranceLaptop and mobile phone",Privébedrijf,4.0,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1044072&s=58&guid=0000017891a44ac7951c69f24d167ada&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_799b7794&cb=1617351166867&jobListingId=4005734491,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=222&ao=1173349&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_fdc3768a&cb=1617328762161&jobListingId=4047612801,1d,1d,2021-04-02,en,No,Yes,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
37,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3684349535,QA Specialist,BECHT,Den Haag,Industriële productie,Productie,"Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27
Job categorySalesHierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)Employment typeRegularDeadline2021-04-27
Job categorySales
Job categorySales
Job category
Job category
Hierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)
Hierarchy levelProfessional Level (some years of experience)
Hierarchy level
Hierarchy level
Employment typeRegular
Employment typeRegular
Employment type
Employment type
Deadline2021-04-27
Deadline2021-04-27
Deadline
Deadline

Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Ready to take the first step in your sales career in a global company with a green agenda?Join Grundfos and a brand new team, which you will help build and influence as you pitch digital offerings that optimise energy usage – to the benefit of both our customers and planet.Help us build up a brand new teamIn Service & Solutions, we are in the process of building a new team dedicated to sales development and prospecting in order to create customer leads on our digital offerings. The team will consist of 10 sales development specialists based across the US and Europe, making up a global team. You will be playing a big part in making sure that the team is not only off to a flying start but also grows into a key function within sales development in Grundfos.“Since we don’t have a well-established set-up for this new team yet, we have to use our entrepreneurial skills and work together to do something we’ve never done before,” explains Michael Langerskov Bak,Director, Global Service Sales Development, Industry Service Sales.Generate the leads for our digital offeringsBased in either the Netherlands or Belgium – at your home or in one of our offices – you will be responsible for generating qualifying leads using industry end-user profiling, intelligence methods, and intelligence database tools. The successful candidate for this role must have the ability to communicate in both French and English.Partnering with our digital sales specialists, you will be doing research and prospecting, mapping potential customer accounts. Thus, your job will be a mix of initial research, followed by cold-calling to pitch our digital offerings and customer problems we are solving, increasing the odds of closing more business by allowing sales to begin their sales process with qualified contacts who are ready to speak to sales. Offerings are typically software and digital solutions that allow customers to optimise their production, reliability or maintenance structures, making their energy usage more efficient. Specifically, you will:Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profileSchedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levelsBuild and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered dataIncrease networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)Hunter profile with great communication skillsAs our new colleague, we hope you will be the kind of person who is quick to fall into sync with both colleagues and customers, and you have a great phone presence. Being a hunter type, a ‘no’ does not stop you – you are motivated by getting that ‘yes’ from a client, and you understand how to pitch our offerings in a way that is supportive towards the client’s needs. Moreover, you have to be organised in your research and able to plan your work for the week to reach your clients. We also imagine that you:Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing rolePreferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local marketAdditional informationIf you have questions or want to know more about the position, please contact Director Michael Langerskov Bak on +45 29 66 52 69.We look forward to hearing from you.
Research markets for companies that match the ideal customer profile
Schedule/arrange discovery meetings for our digital sales specialists and prepare presentations and material, including industry overviews, leads reviews, etc.
Identify the target buyer personas and the relationship dynamics for the target list; build customer relationships and establish key points of contact at various levels
Build and maintain client relationship management tools to include detailed and timely entered data
Increase networking opportunities for relevant industries (trade shows, conferences, lunch and learns, seminars, etc.)

Might have a few years of sales development experience within a B2B customer-facing role
Preferably have some hands-on experience with outbound sales techniques (prospecting, cold-calling, emailing, etc.)
Have strong communication skills in English as well as the language in your local market
",Privébedrijf,3.8,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=224&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891a44ac7951c69f24d167ada&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_ff479c9d&cb=1617351166872&jobListingId=4033932645,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=224&ao=926135&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_17cb005a&cb=1617328762325&jobListingId=3684349535,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
38,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4016299246,QA Specialist,Vopak,Rotterdam,Detachering en outsourcing,Bedrijfsservices,"Freelance Study Start Up Specialist - 6 -month contract - Netherlands & Belgium - 1.0 FTEi-Pharm Consulting are seeking on behalf of a Global Pharmaceutical Company a freelance Study Start-Up Specialist. Our client is a leader in clinical research and development and has strong relationships with a large number of global pharmaceutical companies.THE ROLE:Initial 6 month contract with the potential to extend. To manage the coordination of country submissions and clinical study start up activities in the Netherlands. The ideal candidate is already a contractor and can start immediately.Responsible for clinical trial set up including;End-to-end site start-up pre-award feasibilityCoordinate country submissionsEthics SubmissionsRegulatory SubmissionsSupport coordination of feasibilityNegotiate site budgetsLOCATION:Home Based - The NetherlandsCONTRACT:6-month contract - possibility of getting extended1.0 FTERATE:Competitive Hourly RateStart date:As soon as possibleREQUIRED:Life sciences degree3+ years within Pharmaceutical/CRO industryStrong SSU/CRA/Regulatory backgroundFluent in: Dutch and EnglishExperience managing ethics and regulatory submissions in Belgium is essentialGood knowledge of clinical research processes including ICH GCPABOUT i-PHARM CONSULTING:i-Pharm Consulting is a specialist Recruitment Company servicing the Pharmaceutical industry in the UK and Europe. We provide both permanent and contract staff to a wide range of Pharmaceutical, Medical Device, Biotechnology and Contract Research Organisations (CROs). i-Pharm has specific expertise in Clinical Research, Medical Affairs, Regulatory Affairs, Pharmacovigilance, Quality Assurance and Bioinformatics.www.i-pharmconsulting.comTO APPLY:If you would like to discuss this vacancy further, please call Youssef Maachou on +31 20 808 14 84, or email ymaachou@i-pharmconsulting.com. If this role is not suitable, Youssef is also available to discuss other possible positions or answer any general questions regarding your career and the current market.",Privébedrijf,4.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=226&ao=1044318&s=58&guid=0000017891a44ac7951c69f24d167ada&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_f1d61478&cb=1617351166869&jobListingId=4049179783,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=226&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_23352355&cb=1617328762162&jobListingId=4016299246,4d,4d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
39,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4048686674,Business Intelligence Specialist / Spotfire,Fastenal Europe,Dordrecht,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"We offer an interesting position in our department for a BI Specialist in the analytics team. As BI specialist you contribute in a team responsible for the development for a big data analysis environment and connected processes.We’d love to hear from you.|Your challenges?As part of the QNI Business analytics you will be working daily with a team of specialist to solve our reporting, automation and analytical challenges.The team (5 FTE) is working in Sprints to deliver requests of our customers. Your focus will be primarily on reporting, to support our scope expansion towards our global teams.| What do we expect from you?Master degree or equivalent in IT.ExperienceExperience working in Agile / SCRUM setting4-7 year's of experience in reporting or as a Business Intelligent.Personal skillsSpotfire (must)Python (preferred)SQL / VBA (preferred)Fluent English verbal and writing skills;| What can you expect from TMC?TMC is an international high-tech consultancy company that brings expertise to their clients in order to support them with the realization of their technological challenges. As such, TMC is operating as an expert center at the disposition of its clients and we help them to be more competitive in an ever more global and faster changing technological world.At TMC we believe that people are the driving force behind technological innovation. That is why we want to create the best possible conditions for tech talents to thrive in. We offer you a challenging and stimulating work environment in which you can be the director of your own career.As an Employeneur you are part of our TMC family. Next to our outstanding technical expertise, fun and engagement are meaningful parts of our culture.| Why choose for Employeneurship?We are truly unique thanks to our Employeneurship model which is a true innovation for the High Technology consulting business. It is the business relationship of the 21th century for high skilled technical professionals. It is built around 5 main pillars:You will have a permanent employment contract, offering you stability and securityYou will get to know your market value and have a share in the profit your work generates thanks to the individual profit sharingWe will support you with a one-on-one coaching and trainings designed to help you develop your entrepreneurial skillsThe competence cells structure, provides you with a strong meaningful and relevant networkThe entrepreneurial lab: a playground for new ideas and a potential launching for start-upsTMC is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.Feel Free to ContactMarnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19
We’d love to hear from you.
We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.

Feel Free to ContactMarnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19

Marnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19
Marnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19
Marnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19
Marnix BoschBusiness Manager Data Science, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 15 57 86 19",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=201&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891ea66ddb9b11bc6486edf8a&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_24a0fa76&cb=1617355761555&jobListingId=4050143958,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=227&ao=46442&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_8e066e61&cb=1617328762207&jobListingId=4048686674,1d,1d,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
40,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3790494491,Business Intelligence Specialist / Spotfire,G-Star Raw,Amsterdam,Chemische industrie,Productie,"Apply now »Date: Mar 31, 2021Location: Maastricht, LI, NL, 6221EWCompany: ARLANXEOARLANXEO is a world-leading synthetic rubber company, with about 3,800 employees and a presence at 20 production sites in 9 countries. It is a fully owned subsidiary of Saudi Aramco.Headquartered in The Hague, The Netherlands, ARLANXEO’s core business is the development, manufacturing and marketing of synthetic high-performance rubber for use in the automotive and tire industries, the construction industry, and the oil and gas industries.ARLANXEO is a young company with strong roots. We derive our strength from global presence, management excellence and most importantly our people! Our employees are the pillars of our successWe offer exciting career opportunities regionally as well as internationally, competitive pay and benefits, educational assistance programs, and many other personal and professional development programs that are a part of our vision and values that drive our ongoing success.We pride ourselves on being “The Best Place for Talent”. Developing our employees and maximizing their potential are key factors to our success and help us remain at the forefront of the industry. In order to further build up our talent landscape, we are looking for a new Talent Development Specialist to join our Global Talent Team in our Maastricht or Cologne office. In this role, you will play an essential part in the design, implementation and delivery of talent initiatives with a global reach. You will be part of a dedicated and creative team that is hands-on, proactive and focusses on creating added value for our business.As Talent Development Specialist, you will:advise on and develop, implement and execute global HR policies, procedures, processes, tools and programs for Talent Management, Learning & Development and Recruitment and guide managers, employees and HR on improving business performance in line with overall HR strategy, agreed budget, corporate guidelines, laws and regulations, in order to achieve overall HR and business objectives.ResponsibilitiesAnalysisCollect, interpret, edit information and issue recommendations regarding challenges and developments in Talent Management to provide recommendations about opportunities and risks and possible actions.Policies, Procedures, Tools & SystemsContribute to or develop strategy, policies, procedures, tools and/or systems for Talent Management in line with the overall HR strategy and business needs, to ensure clear direction, guidance and support to the execution of the HR objectives, priorities and activities.AdviceProvide advice at own initiative or at request to relevant internal stakeholders, in line with internal needs and interests, to enable internal stakeholders to make decisions.ImplementationOversee the implementation and execution of integrated solutions (e.g. trainings), to ensure that solutions are incorporated in the daily practice.ProjectsDefine, manage, and/or participate in projects, within agreed parameters, to ensure realization of project objectives.Management InformationProvide regular insights regarding developments to (senior) management and other stakeholders, both quantitative and qualitative, by means of periodical and ad hoc reports and/or analyses, based on (internal) reporting guidelines, to enable management and/or other stakeholders to make timely decisions and to determine or adjust strategy and plans.OptimizationMonitor, measure, benchmark and evaluate HR processes, tools and systems and initiate and implement changes and improvements, to ensure continuous optimization and alignment of HR (work) processes, tools and systems.Knowledge DevelopmentKeep up with internal and external HR developments and ensure development, transfer and retention of new and state of the art knowledge in the own area of expertise, to ensure that knowledge and insight into developments in the own area of expertise is up-to-date and ensured on long term.Behavioural CompetenciesGlobal perspectiveCultivates InnovationOrganizational SavySituational AdaptibilityValues DifferencesNimble LearningDrives Vision and PurposeTechnological SavyExperienceEducationBachelor/Master degreeGeneral Experience3 to 5 years of experience in an international environment with specialized knowledge of Talent Management and a good understanding of other HR areas.
Apply now »
ARLANXEO is a world-leading synthetic rubber company, with about 3,800 employees and a presence at 20 production sites in 9 countries. It is a fully owned subsidiary of Saudi Aramco.Headquartered in The Hague, The Netherlands, ARLANXEO’s core business is the development, manufacturing and marketing of synthetic high-performance rubber for use in the automotive and tire industries, the construction industry, and the oil and gas industries.ARLANXEO is a young company with strong roots. We derive our strength from global presence, management excellence and most importantly our people! Our employees are the pillars of our successWe offer exciting career opportunities regionally as well as internationally, competitive pay and benefits, educational assistance programs, and many other personal and professional development programs that are a part of our vision and values that drive our ongoing success.We pride ourselves on being “The Best Place for Talent”. Developing our employees and maximizing their potential are key factors to our success and help us remain at the forefront of the industry. In order to further build up our talent landscape, we are looking for a new Talent Development Specialist to join our Global Talent Team in our Maastricht or Cologne office. In this role, you will play an essential part in the design, implementation and delivery of talent initiatives with a global reach. You will be part of a dedicated and creative team that is hands-on, proactive and focusses on creating added value for our business.As Talent Development Specialist, you will:advise on and develop, implement and execute global HR policies, procedures, processes, tools and programs for Talent Management, Learning & Development and Recruitment and guide managers, employees and HR on improving business performance in line with overall HR strategy, agreed budget, corporate guidelines, laws and regulations, in order to achieve overall HR and business objectives.ResponsibilitiesAnalysisCollect, interpret, edit information and issue recommendations regarding challenges and developments in Talent Management to provide recommendations about opportunities and risks and possible actions.Policies, Procedures, Tools & SystemsContribute to or develop strategy, policies, procedures, tools and/or systems for Talent Management in line with the overall HR strategy and business needs, to ensure clear direction, guidance and support to the execution of the HR objectives, priorities and activities.AdviceProvide advice at own initiative or at request to relevant internal stakeholders, in line with internal needs and interests, to enable internal stakeholders to make decisions.ImplementationOversee the implementation and execution of integrated solutions (e.g. trainings), to ensure that solutions are incorporated in the daily practice.ProjectsDefine, manage, and/or participate in projects, within agreed parameters, to ensure realization of project objectives.Management InformationProvide regular insights regarding developments to (senior) management and other stakeholders, both quantitative and qualitative, by means of periodical and ad hoc reports and/or analyses, based on (internal) reporting guidelines, to enable management and/or other stakeholders to make timely decisions and to determine or adjust strategy and plans.OptimizationMonitor, measure, benchmark and evaluate HR processes, tools and systems and initiate and implement changes and improvements, to ensure continuous optimization and alignment of HR (work) processes, tools and systems.Knowledge DevelopmentKeep up with internal and external HR developments and ensure development, transfer and retention of new and state of the art knowledge in the own area of expertise, to ensure that knowledge and insight into developments in the own area of expertise is up-to-date and ensured on long term.Behavioural CompetenciesGlobal perspectiveCultivates InnovationOrganizational SavySituational AdaptibilityValues DifferencesNimble LearningDrives Vision and PurposeTechnological SavyExperienceEducationBachelor/Master degreeGeneral Experience3 to 5 years of experience in an international environment with specialized knowledge of Talent Management and a good understanding of other HR areas.
AnalysisCollect, interpret, edit information and issue recommendations regarding challenges and developments in Talent Management to provide recommendations about opportunities and risks and possible actions.Policies, Procedures, Tools & SystemsContribute to or develop strategy, policies, procedures, tools and/or systems for Talent Management in line with the overall HR strategy and business needs, to ensure clear direction, guidance and support to the execution of the HR objectives, priorities and activities.AdviceProvide advice at own initiative or at request to relevant internal stakeholders, in line with internal needs and interests, to enable internal stakeholders to make decisions.ImplementationOversee the implementation and execution of integrated solutions (e.g. trainings), to ensure that solutions are incorporated in the daily practice.ProjectsDefine, manage, and/or participate in projects, within agreed parameters, to ensure realization of project objectives.Management InformationProvide regular insights regarding developments to (senior) management and other stakeholders, both quantitative and qualitative, by means of periodical and ad hoc reports and/or analyses, based on (internal) reporting guidelines, to enable management and/or other stakeholders to make timely decisions and to determine or adjust strategy and plans.OptimizationMonitor, measure, benchmark and evaluate HR processes, tools and systems and initiate and implement changes and improvements, to ensure continuous optimization and alignment of HR (work) processes, tools and systems.Knowledge DevelopmentKeep up with internal and external HR developments and ensure development, transfer and retention of new and state of the art knowledge in the own area of expertise, to ensure that knowledge and insight into developments in the own area of expertise is up-to-date and ensured on long term.Behavioural CompetenciesGlobal perspectiveCultivates InnovationOrganizational SavySituational AdaptibilityValues DifferencesNimble LearningDrives Vision and PurposeTechnological SavyExperienceEducationBachelor/Master degreeGeneral Experience3 to 5 years of experience in an international environment with specialized knowledge of Talent Management and a good understanding of other HR areas.",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,3.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=230&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=0000017891ea66ddb9b11bc6486edf8a&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d25ccda5&cb=1617355761563&jobListingId=4019900593,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=230&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178904e6c2c9fb39a184b999f46&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_11d8abf8&cb=1617328762162&jobListingId=3790494491,24u,24u,2021-04-02,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
41,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3821244797,Customer Experience Specialist - English,Catawiki,Assen,Internet,Informatietechnologie,"Catawiki is committed to building a diverse company and diverse teams. That includes everyone, no matter your age, ability, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. We welcome applications from underserved and underrepresented communities. If you've got a story to tell, come and join us.

Covid-19 and hiringAs we navigate through this pandemic together, we want to reassure you that keeping candidates and our employees safe is of paramount importance to us. That's why the entire recruitment process will take place remotely, using phone and video calls. For successful applicants who end up being hired, we always ensure a safe, engaging and (for the time-being) a remote onboarding experience. We also take care to make sure all of your equipment will be sent to you by courier, so you are ready for your first day. You can Click Here to read the Coronavirus company update from our CEO, Ravi Vora.",Privébedrijf,4.3,-1,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=301&ao=8095&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&ea=1&cs=1_f4a9a7db&cb=1617661376656&jobListingId=3821244797,27d,27d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
42,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046378172,Customer Experience Specialist - English,SoftwareONE,Amsterdam,IT-services,Informatietechnologie,"Why SoftwareONE?:At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.The role:Role & Function:Solution Sales Specialists provide support during the generation of sales leads, e.g., as a technical evangelist for marketing activities, including speaking/presenter engagements at conferences, conventions, user groups, webinars, etc.Usually, they take responsibility for business opportunities that have already been qualified by Customer Business Development Managers. Together, they work to identify the customer's actual goals and needs as well as decision structures, preferences regarding time and budget, as well as the competitive situation.Through this and thanks to their excellent subject matter expertise, (Senior) Solution Sales Specialists design an ideal solution for the customer based on the existing service portfolio. This also includes the initial estimate and structure of prices that they present to customers in an initial proposal. If this proposal is accepted, they will make an appropriate statement of work.Solution Sales Specialists remain responsible until the business opportunity is contracted and bring their knowledge to every activity. They then ensure a smooth handover to the service delivery teams. They will also continue to support afterward if necessary, e.g., as part of change management.General Requirements:Support with the generation of leadsHas already created the first content like blog-articles (that can be used externally)Conducts webinars from time to timeSpeaks from time to time in front of groups >10 persons and presentsIs used to taking part in account planning workshops, contributes knowledge about the customers, the market, and specific demandsSolutions DevelopmentKnows how to ask the right questions in a conversation to document the requirements, translates requirements into business outcomeCan lead workshops aloneCan combine various standardized service modules into a meaningful overall solutionCan describe the business impact of a project or managed service; Understands the priority of it for the customerCalculation of business casesDivide a solution into assessable individual parts and let experts assess the best case, worst case, and most realistic caseCan perform, prepare, and present a complete TCO analysis; considers business partnerships and funding as wellNegotiates successfully based on the specifications to achieve the highest possible amountKnows how to use the definition of milestones early in the sales processCreates presentations that are perfectly tailored to an appointment and therefore convincingManagement & LeadershipCan explain well and transfer his knowledge to othersIs familiar with the most important economic terms and procedures · Has good ideas for improving structures, processes, and resultsHas a very collaborative attitudeSets, if necessary, the right priorities and distinguishes into necessary and convenient tasks#LI-NW1What we need to see from you:Sujbect Matter Expertise - SLM:Has advanced know-how of IT Asset Management and the licensing of at least ONE of the tier 1 publishers (Microsoft, IBM, Oracle, SAP, and VMware) plus the essential licensing knowledge about all other tier-1 publishers and some tier-2 publishers as wellIs playing an active role in client engagement, including gathering and analyzing information, formulating, and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendationsConducts workshops around the value of Optimized Supply Chains and the benefits of the Speed, Cost and Transparency commits of Digital Supply Chain (DSC)Collects customer requirements for an SLM solution and takes over the first qualification of the opportunity, scopes the SAM Tool Technology against our SLM core services; has proven advanced knowledge for at least ONE of the SAM Tool Technologies of Snow, Flexera, ServiceNowCan explain in detail which data sets are collected by Tools/Agents, how data schema results from this and uses those results to gain economic insightsCan lead a conversation on the MAS Advanced delivery model, with best practice positioningCan lead a conversation on the framework of Cloud Cost Optimization covering topics across technical 'Right Size' and commercial 'Right Cost' aspects, and propose a suitable solutionProficient in Dutch and English langugae.Cross Subject Matter Expertise:Can collect customer requirements forCloud Apps/Data solutionsCloud Compute solutionsFuture Workplace solutionsSoftware Lifecycle Management solutions and take over the first qualification of the opportunityGather customer requirements for Data Protection and Security to propose a suitable solution from the SoftwareONE Portfolio that addresses customer challenges and qualify the opportunityCan explain the business impact of out-tasking; designs individual managed services in coordination with the delivery, but without on-site presales support of the service delivery; can define a complex operational modelCertifications:IAITAM CSAM (or similar)SNOW/Flexera/ServiceNow (Seller)PLUSITIL v4 FoundationMS-900 M365 FundamentalsPLUS, one of:AZ-900 Azure FundamentalsAWS Certified Cloud PractitionerWhat you should really know about us.:Strip away everything. Strip away our brand, strip away our buildings, strip away our offices. What are we left with? Our people. This is what makes SoftwareONE successful.Passionate people who live and breathe our values every day, who delight our customers, every day, and who go above and beyond, every day. Our culture is unique, and I believe that having the right people, and empowering them to succeed, is the absolute key to our success.Patrick Winter, Founder.What we expect from our employees:Success at SoftwareONE is not defined by what you do for yourself, but by what you deliver for our customers, the business and for the employees around you.SoftwareONE employees are energized, agile and are laser focused on delivering world class Customer Satisfaction and results. Our leaders motivate and inspire their teams and provide a working environment that delivers incredible levels of Employee Satisfaction. We are Humble, have a very high degree of Integrity and are simply not interested in politics.Our leaders operate with a high levels of Discipline but are able to work at Speed manage change in a global economy.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.
At SoftwareONE we are customer-focused. Delighting customers means we’re innovative and committed. Meet Sancho Latumahina Director- Sales, Netherlands, and hear him talk about his career journey, our growing business in the Netherlands, and the kind of talent he is looking to be a part of his winning team.



Role & Function:


General Requirements:
#LI-NW1
#LI-NW1
Sujbect Matter Expertise - SLM:

Cross Subject Matter Expertise:

IAITAM CSAM (or similar)
SNOW/Flexera/ServiceNow (Seller)

PLUS
ITIL v4 Foundation
MS-900 M365 Fundamentals

PLUS, one of:
AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Strip away everything. Strip away our brand, strip away our buildings, strip away our offices. What are we left with? Our people. This is what makes SoftwareONE successful.Passionate people who live and breathe our values every day, who delight our customers, every day, and who go above and beyond, every day. Our culture is unique, and I believe that having the right people, and empowering them to succeed, is the absolute key to our success.Patrick Winter, Founder.
Success at SoftwareONE is not defined by what you do for yourself, but by what you deliver for our customers, the business and for the employees around you.SoftwareONE employees are energized, agile and are laser focused on delivering world class Customer Satisfaction and results. Our leaders motivate and inspire their teams and provide a working environment that delivers incredible levels of Employee Satisfaction. We are Humble, have a very high degree of Integrity and are simply not interested in politics.Our leaders operate with a high levels of Discipline but are able to work at Speed manage change in a global economy.
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=302&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_43b16c36&cb=1617661376656&jobListingId=4046378172,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=302&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e3620a21&cb=1617661376656&jobListingId=4046378172,6d,6d,2021-04-06,en,Yes,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
43,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3815112888,Customer Experience Specialist - English,Cargill,Nederland,Voedselproductie,Landbouw en bosbouw,"Want to build a stronger, more sustainable future and cultivate your career? Join Cargill's global team of 155,000 employees who are committed to safe, responsible and sustainable ways to nourish the world. This position is in Cargills animal nutrition and health business, where we improve lives through better nutrition. Our team researches, innovates and creates solutions that deliver healthy results for our customers.
JOB PURPOSE AND IMPACT

The Associate Technical Application Specialist will assist Strategic Marketing and Technology colleagues and the commercial team in providing technical solutions and support interactions with clients and prospective customers, helping them understand how we can provide solutions for them and improve profitability. In this role, you will assist to ensure new technologies and tools are utilized to provide competitive customer focused solutions. For this position you will be home-based in the Netherlands (with a link to our Rotterdam or Velddriel office), working remotely from your home office whilst supporting commercial team members as required with client, and farm visits throughout the country.

KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

Assist more senior team members to establish and cultivate effective partnerships with customers to maintain existing business and gain new ones.
Assist with commercial prospecting and anticipate technological developments led by more senior team members.
Support sales efforts to understand and solve basic customer issues following established process.
Support strategic marketing technology and food safety, quality and regulatory to develop and proof new products.
Other duties as assigned
Handle basic issues and problems under direct supervision, while escalating more complex issues to appropriate staff.
JOB PURPOSE AND IMPACT

The Associate Technical Application Specialist will assist Strategic Marketing and Technology colleagues and the commercial team in providing technical solutions and support interactions with clients and prospective customers, helping them understand how we can provide solutions for them and improve profitability. In this role, you will assist to ensure new technologies and tools are utilized to provide competitive customer focused solutions. For this position you will be home-based in the Netherlands (with a link to our Rotterdam or Velddriel office), working remotely from your home office whilst supporting commercial team members as required with client, and farm visits throughout the country.
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors degree in a related field or equivalent experience

PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS

Master or PhD degree in Animal Science, Ruminant Nutrition
Native Dutch speaker and fluent in English

OUR OFFER
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors degree in a related field or equivalent experience

PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS

Master or PhD degree in Animal Science, Ruminant Nutrition
Native Dutch speaker and fluent in English

OUR OFFER
In return for your expertise and commitment, we will provide a fast paced stimulating international environment, which will stretch your abilities and channel your talents. We also offer competitive salary and benefits combined with outstanding career development opportunities in one of the largest and most solid private companies in the world.

Interested? Then make sure to send us your CV and cover letter in English today.

Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cargill

Cargill is committed to being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more https://careers.cargill.com/diversity/
In return for your expertise and commitment, we will provide a fast paced stimulating international environment, which will stretch your abilities and channel your talents. We also offer competitive salary and benefits combined with outstanding career development opportunities in one of the largest and most solid private companies in the world.

Interested? Then make sure to send us your CV and cover letter in English today.

Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cargill

Cargill is committed to being an inclusive employer. Click here to find out more https://careers.cargill.com/diversity/",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=304&ao=1173349&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_1e480d46&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=3815112888,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=304&ao=1173349&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_2c4607f7&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=3815112888,5d,5d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
44,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3658494780,Customer Experience Specialist - English,TMC,Nederland,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As a Cybersecurity Specialist with TMC, you will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology implementation’s projects for the Telco and Media industry.We’d love to hear from you.| Your challenges?Build, modify and customize the security infrastructure for various products linked with security needsDrive the integration of new security solutions throughout the Software Development Lifecycle; ensure security best practices are leveraged as new features are rolled out and expand the solutionThis includes security architecture, design/code reviews, threat modelling, security tools, penetration testing, incident response.Research, prototype, integrate security tools into the solution, including container security, static, dynamic, application scanning, third party vulnerability scanning, etc.Build automation and detection models to support identification of anomalous activity and response activities to mitigate insider and external threats at scale.Organise the documentation required for the deployments of the solution.Ensure new security technologies are mandatory for acceptance, so well qualified and tested;Participate in the system acceptance activities.| What do we expect from you?Master’s or bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Data Sciences or Electrical EngineeringStrong analytical and problem-solving skills combined with a strong technical presenceGood knowledge of computer networks, Windows and Unix/Linux environmentsKnowledge of Cloud and Virtualization technologies.Coding proficiency of one or more programming languages: Python, Java, JavaScript, etc.Deep understanding of security engineering and cyber resilience concepts5+ years of recent experience in a security focused engineering role within a large scale, cloud companyExperience in SaaS security models, cloud security architecture and cloud infrastructureSecurity certification like CEH, CompTIA Security+, CISSP, AWS security speciality or similar is preferredPreference will be given to candidates that demonstrate an understanding of cryptographic processes and their application for authentication and authorization| What does our Business Cell have to offer?TMC Test & Integration is an innovative engineering and consultancy company active in the area of testing and integration in the High-Tech, Healthcare and Automotive domain. We believe that people are the driving force behind technological innovations. Our Employeneurship model is therefore aimed at facilitating you to bring out your best. Our highly educated Employeneurs sharpen their technical skills by working on challenging projects. With a personal coach and professional training Employeneurs work on their soft skills. By having drinks with peers in our company bar we make sure you get to know each other. Knowledge is shared with each other and our customers during our frequently organized pizza-sessions and TechTank sessions. Our Entrepreneurial Lab allows you to take initiative outside your comfort zone. We provide equal opportunities for all and celebrate diversity.| What can you expect from TMC?TMC is an international high-tech consultancy company that brings expertise to their clients in order to support them with the realization of their technological challenges. As such, TMC is operating as an expert center at the disposition of its clients and we help them to be more competitive in an ever more global and faster changing technological world.At TMC we believe that people are the driving force behind technological innovation. That is why we want to create the best possible conditions for tech talents to thrive in. We offer you a challenging and stimulating work environment in which you can be the director of your own career.As an Employeneur you are part of our TMC family. Next to our outstanding technical expertise, fun and engagement are meaningful parts of our culture.| Why choose for Employeneurship?We are truly unique thanks to our Employeneurship model which is a true innovation for the High Technology consulting business. It is the business relationship of the 21th century for high skilled technical professionals. It is built around 5 main pillars:You will have a permanent employment contract, offering you stability and securityYou will get to know your market value and have a share in the profit your work generates thanks to the individual profit sharingWe will support you with a one-on-one coaching and trainings designed to help you develop your entrepreneurial skillsThe competence cells structure, provides you with a strong meaningful and relevant networkThe entrepreneurial lab: a playground for new ideas and a potential launching for start-upsTMC is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.Feel Free to ContactTon van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
We’d love to hear from you.
We’d love to hear from you.

Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.

Feel Free to ContactTon van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22

Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=306&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_204095be&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=3658494780,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=306&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_32f86d5e&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=3658494780,25d,25d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
45,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046378035,Solution Specialist - Modern Application,SoftwareONE,Amsterdam,IT-services,Informatietechnologie,"Why SoftwareONE?:For over 30 years SoftwareONE has been the foundation for organizations around the world for their technology solutions. With changes in the market from on-premises to cloud we have always been one step ahead. Underpinning our transitions and evolutions are our seven core values which we expect from all our current employees and look for in our future colleagues. The global nature of our organization allows us to adapt and commit to these values unique to the culture and business needs of each location.The role:Solution Sales Specialists provide support during the generation of sales leads, e.g., as a technical evangelist for marketing activities, including speaking/presenter engagements at conferences, conventions, user groups, webinars, etc.Usually, they take responsibility for business opportunities that have already been qualified by Customer Business Development Managers. Together, they work to identify the customer's actual goals and needs as well as decision structures, preferences regarding time and budget, as well as the competitive situation.Through this and thanks to their excellent subject matter expertise, (Senior) Solution Sales Specialists design an ideal solution for the customer based on the existing service portfolio. This also includes the initial estimate and structure of prices that they present to customers in an initial proposal. If this proposal is accepted, they will make an appropriate statement of work.Solution Sales Specialists remain responsible until the business opportunity is contracted and bring their knowledge to every activity. They then ensure a smooth handover to the service delivery teams. They will also continue to support afterward if necessary, e.g., as part of change management.Core accountability:Support with the generation of leadscreates external content like blog-articles from time to time (several times per year)Knows how to conduct and advertise appealing webinars. Advanced features such as video and digital whiteboardIs used to speaking freely in front of large groupsLeads account planning workshops with various specialists and combines the respective findings into a strategy; ensures the subsequent execution of the strategy Solutions DevelopmentCan anticipate the requirements in a conversation (e.g., on the phone) and directly calculate a rough order of magnitude (ROM) and a very rough business caseLeads complex workshops with board-level participationCan create a tailor-made solution for the customer in terms of pricing and scope of services, consisting of standardized and individual modulesKnows not only the challenges of customers but also their markets; uses this knowledge to give customers new insightsCalculation of business casesDivides a solution into parts; estimates the best case and worst-case incl. underlying assumptions; discusses the result with the customer, which results in a realistic estimate for both sidesCan present and monetarily quantify the value (e.g., cost-saving or risk minimization) of the solution for customers and incorporates this into an ROI calculationUnderstands the impact of service and contract types on revenue and profits; uses this knowledge early in the sales process to shape the solution accordinglyNegotiates milestones and related paymentsUses professional presentations, but can also use ad-hoc visualizations with analog/digital whiteboard to respond to the situationManagement & LeadershipCan explain well and transfer his knowledge to othersIs familiar with the most important economic terms and proceduresImplements innovative ideas independently and goes above and beyondCan empathize with others and thus solve conflictsCan sort tasks by importance and urgency#LI-NW1What we need to see from you:Subject Matter Expertise Cloud AppsExecutes the ideation process (including functional requirements or user stories) with business areas or IT of the clients using multiple methodologies.Describes architectures, business models and medium complex solutions.Defines a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) and a sprint backlogHas already participated in similar projects and is recognized in the market as an industry best practices leaderCan apply practices according to the project needs.Can define the best methods to be applied and propose a high-level project plan for complex and significant projects based on the Priorities on the business roadmapSenior Architect with proven experienceUnderstands and can talk about Full Stack Technologies like .NET, JAVA, Python, NoSQL DBs, Node.JSHas knowledge in SCRUM Practice, Design Thinking, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) and CMMIHas theoretical knowledge to explain the implication of DevSecOps Level 2 adoption against defined dimensionCross Subject Matter ExpertiseCan collect customer requirements forCloud Compute solutionsFuture Workplace solutionsSoftware Lifecycle Management solutions, and take over the first qualification of the opportunityGather customer requirements for Data Protection and Security to propose a suitable solution from the SoftwareONE Portfolio that addresses customer challenges and qualify the opportunityCan explain the business impact of out-tasking; designs individual managed services in coordination with the delivery, but without on-site presales support of the service delivery; can define a complex operational modelCertiications:AZ-204 Azure Developer (Associate)ORAWS Developer (Associate)PLUSMS-900 M365 FundamentalsITIL v4 FoundationWhat you should really know about us.:Strip away everything. Strip away our brand, strip away our buildings, strip away our offices. What are we left with? Our people. This is what makes SoftwareONE successful.Passionate people who live and breathe our values every day, who delight our customers, every day, and who go above and beyond, every day. Our culture is unique, and I believe that having the right people, and empowering them to succeed, is the absolute key to our success.Patrick Winter, Founder.What we expect from our employees:Success at SoftwareONE is not defined by what you do for yourself, but by what you deliver for our customers, the business and for the employees around you. SoftwareONE employees are energized, agile, and are laser-focused on delivering world-class Customer Satisfaction and results. Our leaders motivate and inspire their teams and provide a working environment that delivers incredible levels of Employee Satisfaction. We are Humble, have a very high degree of Integrity, and are simply not interested in politics. Our leaders operate with a high level of Discipline but are able to work at Speed manage change in a global economy.“SoftwareONE is an equal opportunity employer. With employee satisfaction as one of our core values, we are passionate about diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all of our employees. We want every employee to have the greatest experience of their career.”
For over 30 years SoftwareONE has been the foundation for organizations around the world for their technology solutions. With changes in the market from on-premises to cloud we have always been one step ahead. Underpinning our transitions and evolutions are our seven core values which we expect from all our current employees and look for in our future colleagues. The global nature of our organization allows us to adapt and commit to these values unique to the culture and business needs of each location.

Solution Sales Specialists provide support during the generation of sales leads, e.g., as a technical evangelist for marketing activities, including speaking/presenter engagements at conferences, conventions, user groups, webinars, etc.

Usually, they take responsibility for business opportunities that have already been qualified by Customer Business Development Managers. Together, they work to identify the customer's actual goals and needs as well as decision structures, preferences regarding time and budget, as well as the competitive situation.

Through this and thanks to their excellent subject matter expertise, (Senior) Solution Sales Specialists design an ideal solution for the customer based on the existing service portfolio. This also includes the initial estimate and structure of prices that they present to customers in an initial proposal. If this proposal is accepted, they will make an appropriate statement of work.

Solution Sales Specialists remain responsible until the business opportunity is contracted and bring their knowledge to every activity. They then ensure a smooth handover to the service delivery teams. They will also continue to support afterward if necessary, e.g., as part of change management.
#LI-NW1
#LI-NW1

Cross Subject Matter Expertise
Certiications:

AZ-204 Azure Developer (Associate)
OR
AWS Developer (Associate)

PLUS
MS-900 M365 Fundamentals
ITIL v4 Foundation
Strip away everything. Strip away our brand, strip away our buildings, strip away our offices. What are we left with? Our people. This is what makes SoftwareONE successful.Passionate people who live and breathe our values every day, who delight our customers, every day, and who go above and beyond, every day. Our culture is unique, and I believe that having the right people, and empowering them to succeed, is the absolute key to our success.Patrick Winter, Founder.
Success at SoftwareONE is not defined by what you do for yourself, but by what you deliver for our customers, the business and for the employees around you. SoftwareONE employees are energized, agile, and are laser-focused on delivering world-class Customer Satisfaction and results. Our leaders motivate and inspire their teams and provide a working environment that delivers incredible levels of Employee Satisfaction. We are Humble, have a very high degree of Integrity, and are simply not interested in politics. Our leaders operate with a high level of Discipline but are able to work at Speed manage change in a global economy.

“SoftwareONE is an equal opportunity employer. With employee satisfaction as one of our core values, we are passionate about diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all of our employees. We want every employee to have the greatest experience of their career.”
",Beursgenoteerd bedrijf,4.3,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=301&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4629029827eda46565e3a2f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d9839598&cb=1617665626405&jobListingId=4046378035,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=307&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_d9345e06&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=4046378035,6d,6d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
46,career development specialist,Glassdoor,4046446129,Solution Specialist - Modern Application,Philips,Eindhoven,Consulting,Bedrijfsservices,"As a Cybersecurity Specialist with TMC, you will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology implementation’s projects for the Telco and Media industry.We’d love to hear from you.| Your challenges?Build, modify and customize the security infrastructure for various products linked with security needsDrive the integration of new security solutions throughout the Software Development Lifecycle; ensure security best practices are leveraged as new features are rolled out and expand the solutionThis includes security architecture, design/code reviews, threat modelling, security tools, penetration testing, incident response.Research, prototype, integrate security tools into the solution, including container security, static, dynamic, application scanning, third party vulnerability scanning, etc.Build automation and detection models to support identification of anomalous activity and response activities to mitigate insider and external threats at scale.Organise the documentation required for the deployments of the solution.Ensure new security technologies are mandatory for acceptance, so well qualified and tested;Participate in the system acceptance activities.| What do we expect from you?Master’s or bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Data Sciences or Electrical EngineeringStrong analytical and problem-solving skills combined with a strong technical presenceGood knowledge of computer networks, Windows and Unix/Linux environmentsKnowledge of Cloud and Virtualization technologies.Coding proficiency of one or more programming languages: Python, Java, JavaScript, etc.Deep understanding of security engineering and cyber resilience concepts5+ years of recent experience in a security focused engineering role within a large scale, cloud companyExperience in SaaS security models, cloud security architecture and cloud infrastructureSecurity certification like CEH, CompTIA Security+, CISSP, AWS security speciality or similar is preferredPreference will be given to candidates that demonstrate an understanding of cryptographic processes and their application for authentication and authorization| What does our Business Cell have to offer?TMC Test & Integration is an innovative engineering and consultancy company active in the area of testing and integration in the High-Tech, Healthcare and Automotive domain. We believe that people are the driving force behind technological innovations. Our Employeneurship model is therefore aimed at facilitating you to bring out your best. Our highly educated Employeneurs sharpen their technical skills by working on challenging projects. With a personal coach and professional training Employeneurs work on their soft skills. By having drinks with peers in our company bar we make sure you get to know each other. Knowledge is shared with each other and our customers during our frequently organized pizza-sessions and TechTank sessions. Our Entrepreneurial Lab allows you to take initiative outside your comfort zone. We provide equal opportunities for all and celebrate diversity.| What can you expect from TMC?TMC is an international high-tech consultancy company that brings expertise to their clients in order to support them with the realization of their technological challenges. As such, TMC is operating as an expert center at the disposition of its clients and we help them to be more competitive in an ever more global and faster changing technological world.At TMC we believe that people are the driving force behind technological innovation. That is why we want to create the best possible conditions for tech talents to thrive in. We offer you a challenging and stimulating work environment in which you can be the director of your own career.As an Employeneur you are part of our TMC family. Next to our outstanding technical expertise, fun and engagement are meaningful parts of our culture.| Why choose for Employeneurship?We are truly unique thanks to our Employeneurship model which is a true innovation for the High Technology consulting business. It is the business relationship of the 21th century for high skilled technical professionals. It is built around 5 main pillars:You will have a permanent employment contract, offering you stability and securityYou will get to know your market value and have a share in the profit your work generates thanks to the individual profit sharingWe will support you with a one-on-one coaching and trainings designed to help you develop your entrepreneurial skillsThe competence cells structure, provides you with a strong meaningful and relevant networkThe entrepreneurial lab: a playground for new ideas and a potential launching for start-upsTMC is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.Feel Free to ContactTon van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
We’d love to hear from you.
We’d love to hear from you.

Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.
Is TMC a perfect fit for you? We’d love to hear from you.

Feel Free to ContactTon van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22

Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22
Ton van den BergBusiness Manager Software, NetherlandsTel: +31 (0)6 30 69 53 22",Privébedrijf,4.2,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=308&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4629029827eda46565e3a2f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_e981c26b&cb=1617665626411&jobListingId=3658494780,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=308&ao=242900&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_3d03afc2&cb=1617661376657&jobListingId=4046446129,6d,6d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
47,career development specialist,Glassdoor,3814987186,Solution Specialist - Modern Application,Philips,Amsterdam,Fabricage consumentenproducten,Productie,"Job descriptionG-Star strives to be the most hardcore denim brand in the world. To achieve this, we are looking for hardcore thinkers and do-ers, who dare to create the future of premium and purposeful denim with us.We are looking for people with big dreams, while keeping their feet on the ground. Those who are not afraid to push the limits, because we believe there are no limits in what denim can do.Are you up for the challenge?Are you the perfect fit for our team?Are you a bit of a rebellious spirit?Then we would love to hear from you!Would you like to combine your expertise of affiliate marketing with your passion for Denim? Then you might be our new Affiliate Specialist!As G-Stars’ Affiliate Specialist you become part of Global Digital Marketing Team. This team consists of an enthusiastic and experienced group of digital specialists (for example: PPC, Paid Social, Display, SEO).In the Digital Marketing Team we have big ambitions and lots of motivation to have maximum impact on the growth of G-Star Raw. And we have lots of fun as well! The Digital Marketing Team is responsible for creating the global digital marketing strategy for G-Star RAW and ensure a flawless execution. We do this in close collaboration with the different regional marketing teams, the Ecom team, our inhouse creative team and our data teams.Tasks and ResponsibilitiesAs Affiliate Specialist you develop and execute our global affiliate strategy, to ensure we get maximal results out of our affiliate channel. You use your platform data and customer insights to identify opportunities and scale collaborations with publishers both in the mid- and the lower part of the marketing funnel. You will use the latest technology that enables you to scale while keeping full control of the channel. By doing so, you have a significant impact on the growth of G-Star!This role is a unique opportunity for someone who is looking for the next step in their career and who likes to take ownership while working in a fast-paced, international environment.As our Affiliate Specialist, you:Have a strong vision on how to best leverage the affiliate channel to support the growth of G-StarDevelop a best in class Affiliate program for G-Star Global including a solid commission structure, automation of processes and implementation of the right technologies.Work on the day to day execution of our affiliate channel, in close collaboration with our local marketing teams.Build strong relationships important with G-Star partners in our affiliate programSupport local initiatives and tests, in collaboration with local marketing teamsManage and partner with internal and external stakeholders, like agencies, publishers, affiliate platforms and technology partners.Report into Head of Digital MarketingProfileWhat you bring to the table:A Bachelor’s or Master’s degreeA minimum of 3 years’ experience in affiliate marketing, with a proven track record on elaborating a strong vision on affiliate marketing and successfully implementing of affiliate programsDeep understanding of Affiliate platformsExperience with data feed management tooling and working with scripts is a plusExperience in working with influencers is a plusYou have experience in working in cross functional teams and multi-regional teamsYou have great written and verbal communication skills in English. An additional language (German, French) is a plusRelevant experience in Fashion and/or Retail industryG-Star Skill Set:Strong analytical, planning and problem-solving skillsYou have a hands-on mentalityYou are a team player with excellent communication skills,You are organized, detailed-oriented and able to manage multiple projects at one timeYou are able to learn quickly and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You know how to set priorities and turn challenges into a solution.You have an intrinsic curiosity to stay up to date on the latest digital marketing and Affiliate developmentsYou obviously are a denim loverWhat does G-Star bring to the table:Beyond a competitive salary, working at G-Star brings many other perks and exciting opportunities: an awesome and diverse team that collaborates to change the game; a work environment that offers room for fun, inspiration and innovation; a clothing budget; a healthy, fresh and delicious lunch and even discounts in various fitness clubs and last but not least, a discount on a new bicycle.What will happen next:We will thoroughly review your CV (English is our corporate language, so please apply in English)When we hopefully find what we are looking for, we will call you for a chat and if it’s a good fit, we’ll plan our first interviewBecause we’re very curious how you’d survive a mission impossible, we ask you to prepare a real-life business case in a follow-up interviewWhen we’re ready to commit to each other, we’ll finalize the terms we’ve discussed and we’ll explain to you how to order your first pair of jeans from the G-Star employee store. Good luck!
Job descriptionG-Star strives to be the most hardcore denim brand in the world. To achieve this, we are looking for hardcore thinkers and do-ers, who dare to create the future of premium and purposeful denim with us.We are looking for people with big dreams, while keeping their feet on the ground. Those who are not afraid to push the limits, because we believe there are no limits in what denim can do.Are you up for the challenge?Are you the perfect fit for our team?Are you a bit of a rebellious spirit?Then we would love to hear from you!Would you like to combine your expertise of affiliate marketing with your passion for Denim? Then you might be our new Affiliate Specialist!As G-Stars’ Affiliate Specialist you become part of Global Digital Marketing Team. This team consists of an enthusiastic and experienced group of digital specialists (for example: PPC, Paid Social, Display, SEO).In the Digital Marketing Team we have big ambitions and lots of motivation to have maximum impact on the growth of G-Star Raw. And we have lots of fun as well! The Digital Marketing Team is responsible for creating the global digital marketing strategy for G-Star RAW and ensure a flawless execution. We do this in close collaboration with the different regional marketing teams, the Ecom team, our inhouse creative team and our data teams.Tasks and ResponsibilitiesAs Affiliate Specialist you develop and execute our global affiliate strategy, to ensure we get maximal results out of our affiliate channel. You use your platform data and customer insights to identify opportunities and scale collaborations with publishers both in the mid- and the lower part of the marketing funnel. You will use the latest technology that enables you to scale while keeping full control of the channel. By doing so, you have a significant impact on the growth of G-Star!This role is a unique opportunity for someone who is looking for the next step in their career and who likes to take ownership while working in a fast-paced, international environment.As our Affiliate Specialist, you:Have a strong vision on how to best leverage the affiliate channel to support the growth of G-StarDevelop a best in class Affiliate program for G-Star Global including a solid commission structure, automation of processes and implementation of the right technologies.Work on the day to day execution of our affiliate channel, in close collaboration with our local marketing teams.Build strong relationships important with G-Star partners in our affiliate programSupport local initiatives and tests, in collaboration with local marketing teamsManage and partner with internal and external stakeholders, like agencies, publishers, affiliate platforms and technology partners.Report into Head of Digital MarketingProfileWhat you bring to the table:A Bachelor’s or Master’s degreeA minimum of 3 years’ experience in affiliate marketing, with a proven track record on elaborating a strong vision on affiliate marketing and successfully implementing of affiliate programsDeep understanding of Affiliate platformsExperience with data feed management tooling and working with scripts is a plusExperience in working with influencers is a plusYou have experience in working in cross functional teams and multi-regional teamsYou have great written and verbal communication skills in English. An additional language (German, French) is a plusRelevant experience in Fashion and/or Retail industryG-Star Skill Set:Strong analytical, planning and problem-solving skillsYou have a hands-on mentalityYou are a team player with excellent communication skills,You are organized, detailed-oriented and able to manage multiple projects at one timeYou are able to learn quickly and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You know how to set priorities and turn challenges into a solution.You have an intrinsic curiosity to stay up to date on the latest digital marketing and Affiliate developmentsYou obviously are a denim loverWhat does G-Star bring to the table:Beyond a competitive salary, working at G-Star brings many other perks and exciting opportunities: an awesome and diverse team that collaborates to change the game; a work environment that offers room for fun, inspiration and innovation; a clothing budget; a healthy, fresh and delicious lunch and even discounts in various fitness clubs and last but not least, a discount on a new bicycle.What will happen next:We will thoroughly review your CV (English is our corporate language, so please apply in English)When we hopefully find what we are looking for, we will call you for a chat and if it’s a good fit, we’ll plan our first interviewBecause we’re very curious how you’d survive a mission impossible, we ask you to prepare a real-life business case in a follow-up interviewWhen we’re ready to commit to each other, we’ll finalize the terms we’ve discussed and we’ll explain to you how to order your first pair of jeans from the G-Star employee store. Good luck!
As our Affiliate Specialist, you:Have a strong vision on how to best leverage the affiliate channel to support the growth of G-StarDevelop a best in class Affiliate program for G-Star Global including a solid commission structure, automation of processes and implementation of the right technologies.Work on the day to day execution of our affiliate channel, in close collaboration with our local marketing teams.Build strong relationships important with G-Star partners in our affiliate programSupport local initiatives and tests, in collaboration with local marketing teamsManage and partner with internal and external stakeholders, like agencies, publishers, affiliate platforms and technology partners.Report into Head of Digital Marketing
What you bring to the table:A Bachelor’s or Master’s degreeA minimum of 3 years’ experience in affiliate marketing, with a proven track record on elaborating a strong vision on affiliate marketing and successfully implementing of affiliate programsDeep understanding of Affiliate platformsExperience with data feed management tooling and working with scripts is a plusExperience in working with influencers is a plusYou have experience in working in cross functional teams and multi-regional teamsYou have great written and verbal communication skills in English. An additional language (German, French) is a plusRelevant experience in Fashion and/or Retail industry
G-Star Skill Set:Strong analytical, planning and problem-solving skillsYou have a hands-on mentalityYou are a team player with excellent communication skills,You are organized, detailed-oriented and able to manage multiple projects at one timeYou are able to learn quickly and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You know how to set priorities and turn challenges into a solution.You have an intrinsic curiosity to stay up to date on the latest digital marketing and Affiliate developmentsYou obviously are a denim lover
What will happen next:We will thoroughly review your CV (English is our corporate language, so please apply in English)When we hopefully find what we are looking for, we will call you for a chat and if it’s a good fit, we’ll plan our first interviewBecause we’re very curious how you’d survive a mission impossible, we ask you to prepare a real-life business case in a follow-up interviewWhen we’re ready to commit to each other, we’ll finalize the terms we’ve discussed and we’ll explain to you how to order your first pair of jeans from the G-Star employee store. Good luck!",Franchise,3.4,https://www.glassdoor.nl/https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=310&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a4629029827eda46565e3a2f&src=GD_JOB_VIEW&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_026515c2&cb=1617665626411&jobListingId=3790494491,https://www.glassdoor.nl/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=310&ao=1136006&s=58&guid=00000178a421b7898a6438ecdb4a08a0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&vt=w&cs=1_cf2344b6&cb=1617661376658&jobListingId=3814987186,5d,5d,2021-04-06,en,No,No,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,,,,,,,,,
