Are you looking for the next step in your career? Join everis !

everis ( www.everis.com ) is a dynamic, growing, and ambitious consulting, IT, and professional services firm with more than 27.000 employees worldwide. everis is part of NTT Data, a top 10 global IT services provider with 120,000+ employees in more than 50 countries and a turnover of more than 17,4 billion euros.

everis ’ International Organisations (IO) area, within Public Sector & Health, kicked off in 2010 with the aim of leading and leverage the best of breed resources from everis for international institutions. We are currently working with 35+ different clients including European institutions, several UN agencies, and other international institutions such as NATO, in 20+ European countries.

Moreover since 2019, due to our knowledge acquired within top of the mind accounts, such as: European Medicines Agency, CHAFEA, European Commission directorates (DG SANTE) or key UN agencies like WHO or The Global Fund, the health Industry within IO has been consolidated.

We have a growing team and are continuously looking for new talents. We offer the unique combination of a start-up atmosphere, backed by a corporate with a strong and global footprint in these sectors. Our dream is to become the premium company working for the IO Health Accounts being strategic partner for our clients and helping them to evolve.

We are currently looking for a Senior Project manager to join our fast-growing team in Amsterdam, office in the International Organizations sector , with the following characteristics:

Main Responsibilities

Deliver project on time, in full, in budget

Ensure quality of solution (in line with requirements set)

Manage design principles, business requirements and project scope

Create project plans & monitor project plan execution

Manage project risks, issues and dependencies

Manage project resources (Lead the project team)

Agile techniques and principles

Excellent knowledge of Microsoft office tools

Rational and analytical approach to problem solving

Critical thinking and structured approach to problem solving

Excellent communicator and confident

Excellent verbal and written skills in English

Excellent presentation skills

Stakeholder Management

Cross – functional teams management

Negotiation and influencing skills

Target oriented and dedicated

High levels of empathy and resilient to stress

Pragmatic and Hands-on (work with the team)
Requirements

Must have:
Desire to work in a diverse, international setting.

Minimum 4 years of experience with iterative and waterfall development

Proven work experience of managing high visibility projects in traditional environments with strong project governance (e.g. highly regulated environments)

Proven experience developing business cases and decision support, and getting buy-in from senior management/sponsors

Proven experience of being responsible for solution design, development and delivery and managing expectations of sponsors (balance between business and IT needs)

Proven experience managing system integration projects / master data management projects (on time, in full, in budget)

Proven experience of working in projects with off-shore development teams

Nice to have:
Master’s degree in Management, International Relations, or IT-related fields.

Experience in Healthcare Sector, Public Sector, or other highly-regulated industries.

Experience in data-related projects.

Background in international organizations.

Open to travel where needed (Europe).

Diversity and Inclusion:
We do our best to offer the best professional career opportunities to every individual, regardless of gender, age, race, cultural background or sexual orientation. Our diverse workforce enables us to create a work environment where everyone can find their own path to grow.

What to expect from everis? We at everis make the difference by being close to our clients, exceeding expectations, managing proactively our projects and customers, and focusing on quality and selecting employees with the right mindset to make our company grow. The Group has the ambitious goal to position within the TOP 3 worldwide.

Our Offer We offer a career in a fast-growing company with lots of professional development opportunities and an attractive salary package.
