,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Job Description,Rating,Employment Type,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,English Requirement,Dutch Requirement,Sector,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,recreation,Indeed,p_01c9d06d50571f1f,Assistant Chief Engineer,"Marriott International, Inc", Amsterdam,"Posting Date Dec 31, 2020
Job Number 20203189
Job Category Engineering & Facilities
Location W Amsterdam, Spuistraat 175, Amsterdam, Amsterdam, Netherlands VIEW ON MAP
Brand W Hotels
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management

Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat.

We share our guests’ passions, providing insider access to what’s new and what’s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you’re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.

Join our team as Assistant Chief Engineer at the W Amsterdam where design, music and fashion connect to our guests and create an extraordinary dynamic for the city of canals.
Split across two unique buildings, a former Telephone Exchange building and a Bank, W Amsterdam is an intriguing design mix of heritage and contemporary where nights never end and the pulse is set high with a full calendar of exclusive W Happenings.
A magnificent icon where our guests step inside the W Amsterdam and go straight to the top and check in at our rooftop W Living Room. Experience the innovative design and luxury of our 238 stylish guestrooms, including 25 suites, three WOW suites and two lavish Extreme WOW Suites.
Get in on the fun and transform your dreams into reality. Apply now and Deliver Whatever/Whenever to our guests, Connect to the Extraordinary & Surround yourself with what’s new/next.
LOCATION

Located near Dam Square, W Amsterdam is right in the heart of the city, just steps from the iconic canal district with its vibrant restaurants, bars and nightlife scene and an easy stroll to the boutiques of the 9 Streets district.
PROFILE
As ""Talent"" you represent the W lifestyle to our guests. You are the heart inside the brand - you bring it to life. We don't call W employees ""Talent"" for nothing. Creative. Exciting. Innovative. W Talent are naturally attracted to the Brand - they ""get it""! W Talent are as unique as the brand itself, and cultivate the witty, whimsical, cool W environment. We push the envelope, raise the bar, and strive to be the best.
If you are the right candidate, you are someone who enjoys a challenge. You thrive from working in a high pressure and high volume environment and can think and act quickly if need be. You are a team player and enjoy building relationships with colleagues as well as outside of the hotel. You generally have a work hard/play hard attitude to life and you enjoy having fun at work as well.

JOB SUMMARY
Assists department head in managing budget, capital expenditures, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Accountable for maintaining the building and grounds with particular attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Assigns, tracks and follows up on status of work assigned to staff and contractors. Helps to increase guest and employee satisfaction through effective communications and training.
CANDIDATE PROFILE
 Education and Experience
High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing and experience in maintenance of swimming pools.
OR
2-year degree from an accredited university in Building and Construction, Engineering, Mechanics, or related major; 2 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing and experience in maintenance of swimming pools.
CORE WORK ACTIVIITES
Supporting management of Property Operations
Supervises distribution of repair work orders.
Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.
Assists in effectively planning, scheduling and evaluating preventative maintenance programs.
Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.
Monitors timeliness and quality of completion of repair work orders.
Supervises Engineering and related areas in absence of the Director of Engineering.
Assists in managing the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment, electrical and life safety systems.
Ensures that regular on-going communication occurs with employees in order to create awareness of business objectives, communicate expectations and recognize performance.
Recommends or arranges for additional services such as painting, repair work, renovations, and the replacement of furnishings and equipment.
Selects and order or purchase new equipment, supplies, and furnishings.
Supervises the day to day operations of Engineering and related departments.
Maintaining Property Standards
Familiar with the maintenance of swimming pools, you would make sure that the water is in a good and safe conditions, you should service and check the daily measurements of all swimming pools, spas and hot tubs at the hotel. Maintaining and cleaning of the filtering and purification equipment which is used for the pools. Additionally maintain the pool area in a clean, orderly fashion while assuring all pool safety rules and regulations are enforced
Inspect and evaluate the physical condition of facilities in order to determine the type of work required.
Maintains accurate logs and records as required.
Operates generators and fire pumps as necessary.
Provides emergency response services 24/7.
Repairs equipment (e.g., refrigeration, laundry) as necessary.
Ensures all employees have the proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.
Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service
Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.
Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.
Sets a positive example for guest relations.
Conducting Human Resources Activities
Helps train employees in safety procedures.
Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.
Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.
Ensures disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.
Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with the appropriate skills.
Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.
Uses all available on the job training tools for employees.
Solicits employee feedback.
Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.
MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES
Leadership
Adaptability - Determines how change impacts self and others; displays flexibility in adjusting priorities; and communicates both the reasons for change and how it impacts the workplace.
Communication - Customizes approach to conveying complex information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner; appropriately interprets verbal and non-verbal behavior; and models active listening to ensure understanding..
Problem Solving and Decision Making - Models and coaches others on breaking complex issues into manageable parts, identifying and evaluating alternatives and their implications before making decisions, and involving and gaining agreement from others when making key decisions.
Professional Demeanor - Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values.
Managing Execution
Building and Contributing to Teams - Leads and participates as a member of a team to move the team toward the completion of common goals while fostering cohesion and collaboration among team members.
Driving for Results - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required.
Planning and Organizing - Gathers information and resources required to set a plan of action for self and/or others; prioritizes and arranges work requirements for self and/or others to accomplish goals and ensure work is completed.
Building Relationships
Coworker Relationships - Interacts with others in a way that builds openness, trust, and confidence in the pursuit of organizational goals and lasting relationships.
Customer Relationships - Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer needs and actions consistent with the company’s service standards.
Global Mindset - Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential.
Generating Talent and Organizational Capability
Organizational Capability - Evaluates and adapts the structure of team assignments and work processes to best fit the needs and/or support the goals of an organizational unit.
Talent Management - Provides guidance and feedback to help individuals develop and strengthen skills and abilities needed to accomplish work objectives.
Learning and Applying Professional Expertise
Applied Learning - Seeks and makes the most of learning opportunities to improve performance of self and/or others.
Business Acumen - Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generate innovative solutions to approach team, business, and administrative challenges.
Technical Acumen - Understands and utilizes professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct and manage everyday business operations and generate innovative solutions to approach function-specific work challenges
o Equipment Maintenance - Knowledge of routine and preventative maintenance of mechanical systems including timely management of the preventative maintenance process to protect an owner's assets.
o Equipment Selection — Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed to do a job.
o Troubleshooting — Determining causes of mechanical or technological operating errors and deciding what to do about it.
o Repairing — Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools.
o Telecommunications — Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems.
o Purchasing and Materials Management - Knowledge of practices and procedures needed to maintain material, equipment and supplies; including vendor identification and contract negotiation, supply requisition and purchasing, and inventory control.
o Building and Construction - Project Management experience and knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of buildings or other structures such as walkways, parking structures, and guest facilities.
o Tools and Equipment - The ability to properly and safely operate, maintain, clean, and store various types of hand/power tools, machines, and motor equipment.
o Technical Instructions/Blueprints - The ability to read and understand technical instructions, schematics, and blueprints (e.g., electrical schematics, building blueprints).
o Building and Safety Codes - Knowledge of local and Federal building and safety codes.
o Room Preventative Maintenance - Knowledge of the General Cleaning and Preventative Maintenance tasks and procedures for the property.
o Maintenance and Repair - Skill and knowledge in Maintenance and Repair including carpentry, internal surfacing, building repair, electronics, painting, and plumbing.
o Emergency Systems - Knowledge of fire prevention, air quality, and emergency power systems. This includes the ability to operate, maintain, and inspect the property’s fire prevention equipment (e.g., sprinkler system, fire alarm), air quality equipment (e.g., carbon monoxide detectors), and emergency power system.
o Hazardous Materials and Chemicals - The ability to handle and store hazardous materials and chemicals. This includes knowledge of the safety precautions required for each chemical.
o HVAC/Refrigeration - Knowledge of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning, equipment, including boilers, chillers, air handling units/controls, and refrigeration equipment. This includes the ability to inspect, repair, and maintain equipment, charge refrigeration systems, replace air filters, and clean coils.
o Indoor Air Quality Management - Knowledge of policies and procedures to ensure an effective indoor air quality process including the ability to recognize and eliminate biological contaminant sources and chemical contaminants.
o Pneumatic/Electronic Systems and Controls - Knowledge of pneumatic/electronic systems and controls in order to operate and maintain pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, as well as compressors.
o Cleaning Procedures - Knowledge of policies and procedures for cleaning and maintaining the various areas of the property (restrooms, public areas, guest rooms, kitchens, etc.). This includes the ability to clean sidewalks, walls, ceilings, vents, doors, furniture, displays, artwork, counters, partitions, toilets, sinks, light fixtures, glass, mirrors, and drains.
o Trash Handling and Removal - Knowledge of proper handling of recyclable and hazardous materials (e.g., syringes, needles, blood stains), including removing trash and recycling appropriate trash items.
o Energy - Knowledge of energy management and efficient operation of the building and associated systems including retro and continuous commissioning and demand side management. This also includes minimizing the carbon footprint and complying with applicable environmental codes.
o Safety and Personal Protective Equipment - Knowledge of the lock out tag out process and the personal protective equipment (PPE) safety process required (e.g., ear plugs, gloves, respirators, safety glasses) for a given work activity, and correct ways to use the lock out tag out and PPE equipment.
o Technology- Ability to adapt to and utilize standard computer systems and tools that support ongoing operations such as (PMnet, ADaMs, Entec, PM works).
o Financial Management- Knowledge of capital budget preparation and the ability to manage function within budget.
o Contract Negotiating- Knowledge and ability to prepare contract documents to formalize business process.
o Water Facility Maintenance and Safety - Knowledge and ability to treat and maintain water for use in primary outlets (e.g., rooms, restaurants, recreation, sewage).
REQUIREMENTS
Valid work permit for The Netherlands
Preferably fluent in Dutch (Written/oral). Fluent English (Written/Oral) is a must.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=01c9d06d50571f1f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7f79be694ed65d4f&assa=8131,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=01c9d06d50571f1f&fccid=d47acb5b5596d9e4&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-07,en,No,No,"culture, recreation, other services",0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,R,0.5678391959798995,0.4296482412060301,0.38944723618090454,0.6055276381909548,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
1,recreation,Indeed,p_96c4cfd080fcdeec,Graduate Software Engineer (Amsterdam or London),Optiver, Amsterdam,"Enjoy building exciting and competitive technology? Want to solve complex problems and have direct impact from day one? Do you like working with dynamic people in an international environment?

Then you might be the Graduate Software Engineer we are looking for.

Start your career with Optiver, a global leader in electronic trading. We build and maintain low latency trading systems that respond to market events in nanoseconds. As a leading technology-based market maker and liquidity provider, we are committed to improving the market by providing efficiencies for end investors. Using our own capital at our own risk, we trade thousands of financial instruments on more than 50 exchanges around the world, contributing to healthy markets and putting us at the forefront of technology and trading.


Engineering systems
At Optiver, engineering is at the core of our trading strategies. Trading is a complex and unpredictable environment with frequent changes and a high load. Our systems have to be fast, reliable and precise. Our engineers continually refine, store, and analyse hundreds of terabytes of data, enabling us to automatically price large, diverse sets of financial instruments with extremely low error tolerance. Our infrastructure is a combination of 10 000 highly customised components and 600 different applications, which run on 1500 servers distributed globally. We deal with 14 000 releases and 35 000 changes per year.


Your Day-to-Day
If you enjoy a fast feedback loop and seeing the impact of your work in action, then you have found the right place. At Optiver you could be working on a change to a trading system in the morning and see it running live in the afternoon.

Your big challenge will be balancing complexity with system performance and a reliable trading environment. The goal is to find the simplest, cleanest solution and to optimise it continually.

You take ownership from the beginning, building large portions of high quality and architecturally sound systems. You will develop a deep understanding of trading and exchanges. You're not attached to tools and technologies, but focused on solving problems. Your activities include developing ultra-low-latency exchange protocol encoders and decoders, writing and fine-tuning our automated trading strategies and pricing models as well as creating and extending user interfaces.


What's Required

An academic degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent;
An entrepreneurial attitude and interest in the financial industry.
Ability to write simple and clean code
Strong engineering ability and a solid understanding of computer science
Proficiency in language such as C++, C# or Java
A solid grasp of algorithms, memory and concurrency models, CPU-architecture, operating systems and relational databases
Innovative, big-picture thinking grounded in real-world pragmatism
Continuous improvement in a rapidly evolving environment
An analytical mindset and problem-solving skills
Fast decision-making skills
Team player
Dutch is NOT required
Please note: specify in your cover letter whether you are interested in our Amsterdam or London position, keep in mind that we are able to sponsor visa for our Amsterdam position. Unfortunately, we are unable to do so for our London office.


You are able to explain your thoughts clearly through written and verbal communication and ask the right questions. You look for opportunities to get out of your comfort zone and like frequent challenges.

Prior knowledge about trading is not required as you will learn all you need to know during our six-month Tech Starters Program. You will have a combination of theoretical as well as practical experience by working on projects directly impacting the business.


Work with Us

Be part of an energetic and stimulating work environment where you'll have the chance to work with colleagues from over 40 countries around the world.

We offer a truly collaborative culture with an unmatched performance-based bonus structure where profits across trading desks, teams and offices are combined into a global profit pool.

As an international organisation, we offer expat advice, a competitive relocation package and visa sponsorship where necessary.

Benefits Include:

Training and continuous learning opportunities
Competitive remuneration
25 paid vacation days
Access to conferences and Tech events
International transfer opportunities
Fully paid commute
Sports and recreation activities
Complimentary in-house barista
Breakfast, lunch and dinner facilities
Friday afternoon drinks with your colleagues
Weekly in-house massages


Hiring Process

Apply directly via the form below (or through our website) by submitting a comprehensive CV and motivation letter in English. Please note that applications without a motivation letter will not be considered.

Please contact the Serena Riccomagno at serenariccomagno@optiver.com with any questions regarding the role.

Once you have been identified as a candidate for the Graduate Software Engineer role you will be required to take an online (HackerRank) test. No prior trading knowledge is needed.


More information on how Optiver Europe processes your personal data can be found in our Privacy Policy.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=96c4cfd080fcdeec&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0f9342473a95a180&assa=751,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=96c4cfd080fcdeec&fccid=8ef4fa42d160b676&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-07,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
2,recreation,Indeed,p_c218221004039f99,Android development traineeship,DTT Multimedia, Amsterdam,"Do you have experience with Java and programming in Android Studio? Do you want to help develop successful (inter)national projects? Then you are the Android trainee we are looking for!What do we do at DTT?At DTT you will work in a young and talented product team consisting of Web, iOS, Android and Unity developers. In two-week sprints you work on a variety of projects ranging from cool start-up concepts or business critical solutions to fully-featured social media platforms and BLE connected apps. There are multiple (i.a. in-house) projects within DTT that receive continuous development, and are upgraded based on the feedback we receive from users, clients and user tests. Together with your team you are responsible to keep development on track. Due to the cross disciplinary composition of your product team, the daily standups and solving challenging problems, you will learn new technologies and gather new insights at a quite extreme pace.DTT is always moving forward. One of the driving forces behind DTT is its ever-advancing technology stack. Today, our projects are built on some of the latest technologies, on the backend we employ the power of ASP.NET, NodeJS, PHP, MySQL and MongoDB deployed through Docker. Interfacing with the backend are our mobile apps, hybrid apps/games and web apps, written in Swift, Kotlin, Xamarin/Unity and VueJS. Our development process is a test-driven one. The code you commit to Bitbucket is automatically tested by Jenkins and quality checked by SonarQube.Have we piqued your interest? Then take a look on this page and read about our history, here you will about the prospects at DTT.Interns and trainees about DTTInterns and trainees play an important role within DTT. You will get the opportunity to prove yourself as a valuable team member. DTT offers challenging work, and if you prove that you take your work seriously, you will receive great responsibilities. When you do your internship or traineeship at DTT, you will work on fine concepts and renowned brands, which will give you a head start for an ambitious career.With who will you work?At DTT, you are in close contact with all teams: Concept and strategy, Design, Development, Quality assurance, Project management, Marketing, Sales, Strategy and new business and Management. We prioritize creating a supporting environment, where you feel understood and valued. We are one team with more than 75 talented colleagues from countries all over the world, who all have the same objective in mind: to keep developing our company and deliver amazing and high-profile solutions.Of course, you will be part of a specific team, the Android team exist of multiple enthusiastic colleagues. All of whom are passionate about development and with vast experience. Are you curious who you’ll be challenging at a game of Super Smash Bros or FIFA? Check our team page here.What will you work on?You’ll work on projects of the highest quality with: millions of downloads, high ratings and gorgeous designs. The focus will be on delivering great projects, improving yourself and helping the company to develop.You’ll work on the best projects:Edu Play BookGreenpeaceOSR Star Finder 2.0Pirates & Privateers: Multiplay AR gameListen & PlayRandstad Office ConfiguratorWith great results:High rankingsGood reviewsBeautiful press momentsInternational downloadsHow do you fit in our team?To fit our team, we like to see the following qualities in you:At least intermediate vocational education-level of professionality and intellectual abilitySense of responsibilityGood command of EnglishYou are excited about working on cool projects and are able to work in teamsYou have feeling for quality and detailsKnowledge of the programming languages JavaKnowledge of Kotlin, Model-View-Presenter architecture and design patterns is an advantageDevelopment is something you really like to doWhat will you like about your work at DTT?We understand that working time and free time are often seen as complete opposites, but this doesn’t stop us from making working time as fun as possible:Beers with the team during our team social.Will you beat everyone in a game of FIFA or Super Smash Bros?Working on the cutting edge of innovation and technology.Getting things done.A creative work environment with teamwork in its core.Doing Things Together.Fun trips together with your colleagues.Challenge your colleagues in the recreation room.Not your regular 9 to 5 job, but working on various challenging projects.Get to know your colleagues during the weekly Friday night drinks (with pizza and fries).Working in a cool office in the city center of Amsterdam.Kick-start your career at DTT!Enthusiastic? Click on the button! Do you have any questions? Our HR department will be glad to answer them. Contact us at apply@d-tt.nl.DTT is a recognized ECABO and SBB training company.Are you applying from outside the EU and you do not have a working visa? Please make sure that you clarify about how you plan to arrange your stay legally in the Netherlands with regards to e.g. permits and visa.No agency calls, please.More about DTT: Read what interns say about their internship at DTT.Check out the photoshoot of your future work environment.Follow us on Instagram and LinkedIn.Our collaboration with Coke TV.Would you like to know more?Please contact us via phone or e-mail. We are glad to help you.Petra Forknell Penel+3120 266 9001 | apply@d-tt.nl+3120 266 9001 | apply@d-tt.nlAsk a questionWe are happy to help youJob Types: Full-time, Temporary",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/DTT/jobs/Android-Development-Traineeship-c218221004039f99?fccid=854fef09c8250bf6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-07,en,No,No,"culture, recreation, other services",0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,R,0.5678391959798995,0.4296482412060301,0.38944723618090454,0.6055276381909548,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
3,recreation,Indeed,p_cee984a1ae0ad702,Youth Activities Counselor,excellent recruitment, Amsterdam,"We are currently recruiting for the position of Youth Activities Counselor for Disney Cruise Line.
Responsibilities
Interacts with and supervises children by providing a safe and entertaining environment. Provides set-up, clean-up and program support to Youth Entertainment Hosts during facilitated programs and activities. Extensively cleans youth spaces throughout day to uphold United States Public Health and company standards. Meets and greets all guests and could assist with onboard registration and check in/out process. Preps food trays for children during meal or snack periods. Spontaneously entertains large volumes of children in absence of planned activities. Occasionally facilitates and presents smaller-scale activities to groups varying in size, requiring the use of a microphone. Functions as Nursery Counselor during high volume periods. Ensures secured programming policies are followed. Occasionally assists with the Port Adventures (shore excursion) operation. Helps with island rentals, beach set-up/clean-up, and games and activities on the company's private island. This role has high guest interaction. The cruise line offers programs and activities designed to capture the interest of youth, ages 3-17. New crew members work with children ages 3-12.
Basic Qualifications
3+ seasons (3 months each) of overnight and/or day camp experience
Minimum of 2 seasons (3 months each) of overnight and/or day camp experience PLUS 1 year experience working in a high volume, fast-paced environment in recreation, resort, day care, before/after school care setting with children
Minimum 2 years' experience working in a high-volume, fast-paced environment in recreation, resort, day care, before/after school care setting
Must be able to command the attention of a large group of children, up to 200 children at one time
Preferred Qualifications
Microphone experience
Experience working with children with special needs
excellent recruitment is the agent and recruiting on behalf of Disney Cruise Line.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cee984a1ae0ad702&fccid=6b266263c9461bfe&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-07,en,No,No,"culture, recreation, other services",0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,R,0.5678391959798995,0.4296482412060301,0.38944723618090454,0.6055276381909548,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
4,recreation,Indeed,p_94221d8eb1c268f2,Senior .NET Core Azure developer/team lead,JF Hillebrand Group AG, Haarlem,"Hillebrand
Being specialized in alcoholic beverages, we offer a full range of transportation services and options, from full container loads to groupage shipments, from large volumes of bulk wine to small consignments via airfreight. Our logistic services allow our customers to cost-effectively transport exactly what they want to ship when they want to ship it. Part of our offerings is an unparalleled online platform (my.hillebrand.com) for our customers, which provides the means to manage their business with us. This platform is a cloud-first platform that offers a great user experience on web as well as through native mobile apps. Needless to say, is that this platform is instrumental for our growth objectives for the next 4 years.

Senior .NET Core Azure developer/team lead
As a .NET Core Azure developer, you focus on developing APIs running on Azure. You develop novel features on existing or new APIs or improve them. As a senior, you define and implement standards and coach your peers on successfully applying these standards.
As a team lead, you coach your team members, look after their wellbeing and look for opportunities to challenge and grow them.
What will you do?
work together with architects, to define the optimal technological implementations for each feature request
work together with product owners defining potential new features

develop awesome APIs and related code artifacts
collaborate as part of feature (scrum) teams
communicate and collaborate with (technical) domain experts from different disciplines
arrange and lead Guilds, including periodic tech-sessions

What do we expect from you?
bachelor (or higher) degree in Informatics related field
proven knowledge and experience in Azure technology
experience in developing and integrating REST APIs
experience with Apigee (or equivalent)
proven knowledge and experience in Swagger / OpenAPI
experience with C# and .NET (Core)
comfortable with working in a team, collective brainstorming, and incorporating feedback and creative direction into a final product
experience in code versioning/management tools, such as Git and/or Azure DevOps
good command of the English language (verbally as well as written)
Preferred additional experience
online payment platforms, preferably Adyen
knowledge and experience with OAuth2 (OKTA)
knowledge of Unit Tests
experience with CosmosDB

What can you expect from us?
challenging projects aimed at growing the business (opportunities) of Hillebrand
lots of opportunities to work on your technological skillset, both on the job as well as in training
a fun place to work, with room for recreation; weekly and monthly drinks, quarterly company meet-ups, regular company festivities
good primary and secondary employment benefits (for instance; we pay for your internet connection at home",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=94221d8eb1c268f2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3f682d226eeefdf1&assa=4134,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=94221d8eb1c268f2&fccid=e06698c501cbcd14&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-07,en,Yes,No,"culture, recreation, other services",0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,R,0.5678391959798995,0.4296482412060301,0.38944723618090454,0.6055276381909548,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
