,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Job Description,Rating,Employment Type,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,English Requirement,Dutch Requirement,Sector,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,author,Indeed,p_794a9711fbfb1dc0,Localization Specialist – Digital Products EMEA,Tesla, Amsterdam,"The Role
We are looking for a talented, passionate Localization Specialist to join our growing team based in our EMEA HQ in Amsterdam. Tesla EMEA manages 30 websites, across 27 countries, covering 17 languages and counting. To ensure high-quality translations on tesla.com and other digital products, we need an experienced Localization Specialist to work effectively with our product managers, developers, content authors, local reviewers, and third-party language services providers; creating a seamless and positive user experience for all visitors of our website.
Responsibilities
Coordinate the production (translate, review and implementation) of translations for web content and other digital products, e.g. Mobile app, Tesla Account, E-mails
Identify and fix linguistic and market specific issues before launch
Respond to translators’ inquiries and provide instructions and visual context if needed
Work with external localization vendors to manage translation schedules and quality
Develop and maintain key relationships with cross-functional teams (local markets, Tech Pubs, Firmware, Legal, etc.) and regularly communicate with them to align and calibrate language, style and terminology
Create and maintain linguistic assets (TMs, glossaries, style guides, reference material)
Support in continuously improving the localization process and provide necessary training to internal and external key stakeholders
Requirements
BA/BS or equivalent 4-year university degree in Translation Studies, Linguistics, Communications, Journalism or similar is desirable
2+ years of experience in web and/or software localization
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously
Eye for detail, even under pressure
Experience working with Smartling is a plus
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=794a9711fbfb1dc0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e1b6af40f62e7c6f&assa=3145,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=794a9711fbfb1dc0&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
1,author,Indeed,p_edca734fb28cf77b,Circular economy: Writing and research intern,Coperatieve Circle Economy UA, Amsterdam Oost,"Do you want to be part of a team that creates positive impact? Are you interested in creating timely and impactful content and reports on the topic of the circular economy? Do you want to leverage your writing and editorial prowess towards planetary health and social wellbeing?

Who we are:

Circle Economy is a young team of 45+ driven and ambitious professionals, and we believe it is time for a new economic approach: the circular economy. We are a social enterprise with an international team that develops practical and scalable solutions to accelerate the adoption of the circular economy. We are growing rapidly both in the Netherlands and around the world through strategic partnerships with governments, cities, and businesses. We offer Circle Scans to businesses, cities and nations, drawing on deep expertise, including in the areas of textiles, the built environment, finance, circular design, and jobs and skills.

Job description:

Circle Economy is now searching for a writing and research intern with stand-out writing skills, an amazing eye for detail and a journalistic mindset to join our team!

The writing and research intern will play a key role in Circle Economy’s content creation and will participate in and learn about editorial processes such as narrative building, storytelling, editing, proofreading and writing. Their focus will be on the Circularity Gap Reports: these publications increase the understanding of broader trends and implications of the circular economy across nations and make complex information actionable. They also aim to deliver strong metrics and measurements of circularity and communicate this in an impactful and comprehensive way.

The writing and research intern will:

Assist in brainstorming report storylines, angles and narratives;
Assist lead authors in contextual research to embed circular strategies;
Translate technical information (such as Material Flow Assessments) into clear, written copy;
Proofread long-form content for a range of projects according to the company Style Guide;
Conduct contextual qualitative research and fact-checking;
Write and edit sections of reports/articles/blogs;
Other ad-hoc duties related to Editorial processes at Circle Economy.
Our offer:

This is a full-time role for a duration of six months, ideally beginning March 8th. We care about our interns and want you to flourish in our dynamic and flexible working environment. We will coach you to put your skills and ideas to work. You’ll work closely with our Science Writer and In-house Journalist and interact with colleagues across the business. We offer €400 gross per month and can provide a travel stipend up to €100 as well, if necessary.




You are eager to gain in-depth expertise on the circular economy and the editorial processes involved in creating and publishing in-depth content. You are a MSc or late BSc student (current or graduated) with demonstrable experience in creating and editing written content, as well as a working understanding of sustainability or circular economy themes. You are looking to gain great experience in an inspiring and fast-paced environment.

Are you:


A skilled and targeted researcher,
Knowledgeable of sustainability and/or circular economy themes,
Committed to being thorough in your work,
Interested in editorial and journalistic processes,
Able to adhere to deadlines and work within time constraints and on multiple projects,
Able to think strategically,
Able to work effectively as part of a team towards a shared goal,
Equipped with strong problem-solving problem-solving skills and creativity.

If so, we would love to meet you. Please share your CV, a concise motivation letter and a writing example with us before February 15th and we will come back to you shortly.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=edca734fb28cf77b&fccid=7374bef6097c4e07&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
2,author,Indeed,pj_e9416722e077b69e,Clinical Specialist and Medical Writer,Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).A thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Full-time, PermanentExperience:clinical report writing: 2 years (Required)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Postcode 1019 in Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:Dutch (Preferred)English (highly proficient in spoken and written) ) (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BgUIaRXkJh15whefO6-KmaTgPW6-y9js7QA0viHQ1XT2kW6nIRb7BQ4XRwExUrtxEdhvIZEJbg2mwjQtsa40hLH-mOfyHaxaxu6eqGknXUk12Sboy0ci1UXISrjgdZFP6UghIH66mmTuX3AZkbcFYDzp4LEfFHiw2u3oFtBh3CZScST_hBqo9SqFDnkHpGv0bdNJOgMuaJCRJ8iaNMgvVMvDH53DKf9VaucQon3d-_j2bbd8zH1xVME7gOvy57o-ZxjU8l8BoPb_MS8qS2xxsVUYlii8F5PNGkFv6fQ-t_F8n1_mlHxMKbfldg4Skv6gHR7cSFYPqBA2tdqXiTSh6_6ZOyZtzJh7WD2jjfgsyg2J2tyvbC_lMN9JSYayGtSAc3SRZgw_FDHWEtAkSoe_3uBBcSdA3lrKNGRAX3fsi4KfgMkjtC9N8uDWUTWj0N5HVl5xIgGBuLz3Pvtj-NB-Bbh0-HQu0VYaU=&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
3,author,Indeed,p_508b23c6ca48ce1e,Brand Protection Admin Assistant,RB, Schiphol,"Job Advert
Day-to-day duties will include:

Supporting the Global Brand Protection Legal Team with the management and administration of documents, contracts and correspondence related to RB’s trade marks and other IP rights.Reviewing incoming requests and contracts for completeness and compliance with established processes. Returning incomplete/non-compliant documentation to the author for re-working where appropriate. Using diplomacy to explain reasons for inability to process, and clearly explaining additional information required to fulfil requirements. Identifying trends in non-compliance and reporting these to management for further action.Communicating with authorized signatories (Senior Level Staff) to ensure prompt signature of contracts, Powers of Attorney and other documentation within company deadlines. Work with signatories to establish efficient processes for contract signature.Assists with the preparation and development of documents, presentations and processes for the department and business.Takes initiative in providing relevant data, information and back-up support materials to assist manager with day to day operations.Electronic filing and management of accounts with service providers and professional bodies.

The successful candidate will have the following qualifications and skills:

Fluent Dutch speaker with a good standard of written and spoken English.Bachelor’s Degree with 2+ years of experience as an Administrative Assistant, Company Secretary or Paralegal.The ability to successfully manage and prioritize own workload and multi-task, as well as possess excellent computer skills (Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Excel, Word and electronic mail and Sharepoint document repositories).Proven administrative and organisational skills, preferably gained in a professional services environment.Accuracy and attention to detail required with ability to actively seek input and problem solve.Good interpersonal and communication skills with a proactive, personable approach.Excellent customer service focus and a professional manner when liaising with colleagues, clients and other external parties.Being a team player who is also conscientious, motivated and flexible, adapting as the need arises.Being receptive and open to learning new skills and acquiring an understanding of the FMCG sector and Brand Protection.Being a process driven, organised, person who excels at meeting deadlines when working within a busy team environment.An ability to work well under pressure.

Equality
In Return RB offer very competitive salaries with excellent benefits and the chance to progress your career within a truly global organisation.
RB is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by appropriate law. All hiring decisions are made based on merit, competence and business need.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=508b23c6ca48ce1e&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b216a5679401a1a&assa=6285,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=508b23c6ca48ce1e&fccid=2187d710fd27cd06&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
4,author,Indeed,p_181bbb09cdbf0744,Site Merchandiser – e-Commerce Europe,Ring of Security BV NLD, Amsterdam,"
1-2 years of demonstrable e-Commerce, operations or customer support experience
Marketing and sales-oriented
Analytical and process-oriented
Attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously
Output and deadline driven
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work in a cross-functionally collaborative role
Ability to communicate openly, honestly and constructively
Excellent customer service skills
Strong critical thinking/problem solving skills
Motivated to work in a fast-paced technology scale-up

Ring is looking for a Site Merchandiser who will be responsible for building and maintaining our e-Commerce stores (Ring.com) for our European countries. You will manage our merchandising plans and update the website content to give our customers a compelling reason to engage and buy.

This role is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands and reports to the International e-Commerce Manager.

Key responsibilities

Implement pricing and merchandising related to product launches and promotions
Own and maintain online product catalog
Maintain consistent contact with Operations team to monitor stocks and inventory
Monitor orders processing and troubleshoot issues in collaboration with the Operations and Customer Support teams
Author and maintain content tied to product, promotions, site launches and new features
Work with creative, development and international teams to implement changes, new features, and bug fixes
Conduct testing and QA for project launches and ongoing builds
Initiate, optimise and evaluate projects and campaigns with the aim of increasing visibility and conversion (cross-sell, up-sell, promotion or seasonal)
Work closely with creative and marketing to ensure strong seasonal campaigns and promotions
Conduct regular and thorough “store walk-throughs” and QA checks to ensure strong execution and drive site improvements
Be a subject-matter expert on the functionality of our e-Commerce platform necessary to create, manage and optimise content
Learn to automate processes and find the most scalable ways to manage tasks.
A strong interest in understanding and driving user experience
Additional European languages a plus

About Ring

Since its founding in 2013, Ring has been on a mission to make neighbourhoods safer. From the video doorbell to the DIY Ring Alarm system, Ring’s smart home security product line offers users affordable whole-home and neighbourhood security. At Ring, we are committed to making home and neighbourhood security accessible and effective for everyone – while working hard to bring communities together. Ring is an Amazon company. For more information, visit www.ring.com. With Ring, you’re always home.

Ring LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer - Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=181bbb09cdbf0744&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c654f83c4bd3f64c&assa=7082,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=181bbb09cdbf0744&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
5,author,Indeed,p_c95eddbe51844b12,"Global Regulatory CMC Consultant – Cell and Gene Therapies, 1 year + contract, Home Working",ADV Talent Partners, Gemeente Haarlemmermeer,"Job Description
We are recruiting for a Global Snr Manager Regulatory Affairs CMC / Consultant to work on Cell and Gene Therapy products in development.

This is a unique opportunity. The contract will be over 12 months with a good possibility of an extension. The role will be based in the Netherland and you will be required to travel over a couple of times per month (post Covid-19), unless living close by. Until then you will be working from home.

What is the job?

The grade is Snr Manager Regulatory Affairs CMC and this role will give you the opportunity to work on projects in early to late stage of development – Cell Therapy, Gene Therapy and potentially one mAb
This will be a Global role covering the EU, US and depending on experience Japan
This will be a hands on role where you will write/author and review Regulatory CMC documentation (IMPD/IND, Module 3)
However, you will also play a key role in the Regulatory Affairs CMC department, where in collaboration with an experienced GRL you will be responsible for the development and implementation of the Regulatory CMC strategy and planning for assigned NMEs/NBEs
You will be the subject matter expert and act independently as the RA CMC lead or deputy leader on complex projects.

 Who is right for the job?
4 + years of Regulatory Affairs CMC Biologics experience. Especially in development. Previous experience in analytical development, process development or bio manufacturing will be an advantage
You would have worked in a Regulatory CMC function, authoring and re-authoring IMPD/INDs and Module 3 for Cell & Gene Therapies, ATMPs, mAbs
Experience in direct communication with the Health Authorities on CMC matters
Positive, can do attitude with good communication as well as project management skills.

In return you will earn a competitive rate working for a global, R&D driven company for 12 + months and have the flexibility to work remotely.

Interested in the above? I look forward to hearing from you!

To Apply!

To apply for this role, please press the red “Apply for position” button, or contact me Oli Dimitrov on +44 (0)207 801 3388 or Theo Moore on +44 (0)207 801 3384 in full confidence to receive more details on this role or to hear about other available opportunities in Regulatory Affairs.

We provide a high level of service because we believe this matters. Our people place individuals at the Specialist, Expert, Regional and Global Head levels, so if you want some advice on when or how to make your next step, or to understand what that next step might look like, let’s collaborate and explore these ideas with each other. ADV Talent Partners only advertise around 30% of our active roles, so for us to really help you, please Register or call us. We provide permanent and contract roles in the following areas, across the USA, Europe and Asia Pacific. General switchboard number +44 (0)207 801 3380.

GDPR & Data Protection: Your information is safeguarded for GDPR, and you will have the right to edit, amend or delete and ’’be forgotten’’ at any time after your initial registration.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c95eddbe51844b12&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6dddc2201c0b9f09&assa=8005,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c95eddbe51844b12&fccid=f94f2fe19869476a&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
6,author,Indeed,p_343164e5f16f4583,Bloggers Partnership Manager,Flo Health, Amsterdam,"About Flo

Flo is an AI-powered health and wellbeing app for women and girls, which supports them during their entire reproductive period. Using cutting-edge technology, we combine scientific knowledge, clinical experience, and the power of community to improve the health and wellbeing of every girl and woman worldwide every day. Already 36 million women and girls use Flo monthly in order to make healthier choices and live a well-balanced life, with 7.5 million in the US alone making Flo #1 period tracker for American women and girls. Since August Flo has been the most downloaded Health app in the AppStore.

Women's Health is still an under-prioritised and under-researched area and we believe that it deserves much more attention and action. We are looking for someone who can lead negotiations with prominent experts, bloggers and influencers in the area of women health to produce exclusive content for Flo.


Responsibilities:

Searching for 3rd party content contributors (partners of Flo Health Inc. in content production bloggers, authors, influencers, celebrities, medical experts, organizations, etc.)
Developing and handling the communication process with content contributors (negotiating on content type and quality, deadlines, links, discounts, terms, contracts, etc.)
Assisting in the development of a strong partnership network (communication with Prospects, participating in events, etc.)
Drive the creative strategy for collaboration with content contributors and campaigns with them
Recommend new creative strategy opportunities and new ways of collaborating with content contributors and social platform features, trends, usages, etc.

We expect that you have:

3+ years of work experience with influencers, bloggers, celebrities, etc.
Proven track record in negotiations (experience working in sales/ account management/content acquisition)
Degree in Business Communications, Marketing or relevant field is preferable
Strong communication, presentation skills are a must
An excellent spoken and written (business) English
General understanding of SMM, ability to evaluate the unmet needs of bloggers/influencers, their level of impact and define collaboration perspectives
Ability to meet deadlines and manage time effectively: we always have multiple projects in flight, you'll need to have project manager skills to keep everything moving forward and everyone up to date
Creative minded with an ability to conceive interesting ideas for partnerships
Detail-oriented, committed to excellent quality in every aspect of your work",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=343164e5f16f4583&fccid=66834c7c6ce7026f&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
7,author,Indeed,p_81bf544f92af61a5,Entry Level Medical Writer,Proclinical, Amsterdam,"Are you interested to take a step into medical communications and education? Proclinical has partnered with a Medical Communications company in London and Amsterdam to develop, drive and deliver high-quality, medical communication and education projects for healthcare professionals. If you have a passion for science and communications then this might be the role for you.
Job Responsibilities
Become an expert in the relevant therapy areas, keeping up to date on all progress in the field
Produce publications that meet client and author expectations for timeliness, accuracy, quality, language, lack of
bias, and balance
Proactively identify potential issues and flag them for discussion by internal team
Take responsibility/ownership for completing assigned tasks on time at all stages
Proactively identify potential bottlenecks/issues and raise them with PMs
Interact professionally with clients, authors, and other contributors, demonstrating understanding of relevant
medical fields and understanding of external parties' requirements
Manage client expectations with firm but professional timelines/prioritizing
Provide plan-management support to PMs/SPMs for structural and ad-hoc client requests
Communicate clearly and professionally with team members to help foster a positive working environment
Balance personal goals with team goals
Recruit, brief, and manage freelance medical writers to assure that they deliver high-quality products within timeline and budget
Provide timely and appropriate feedback to freelance medical writers to ensure increased future efficiency
Keep up to date with industry guidelines for good publication practices
Follow and document internal and/or client SOPs in all publication projects
Help educate external parties on industry standards when required
Skills and Requirements
PhD in life sciences, MD, PharmD, or lower-level bioscience degree plus relevant work experience
Excellent command of written and spoken English
Scientific writing ability
Strong, confident communication skills
High level of attention to detail
Proficient user of various MS Office programs and Internet
To Apply
ProClinical is a specialist employment agency and recruitment business, providing job opportunities within major pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.
#LI_OJ1",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=81bf544f92af61a5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=57168df4b2106d09&assa=9666,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=81bf544f92af61a5&fccid=59f7de3488fb4de9&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
8,author,Indeed,p_42ea0a6f52e862d4,Interactive Designer,Sam Media, Amsterdam,"Introducing Sam Media
Sam Media is a team of passionate and confident creatives, marketing experts and developers focused on delivering excellent products and services to hundreds of millions of mobile consumers worldwide.
Our commitment to pursuing growth and continued learning core is one of our core values. We are all about investing in people. We stimulate personal initiatives and development by offering chances and freedom. We are passionate about travel, and we believe it enables people to grow both personally and professionally. We are proud of our social culture, where we have team nights and regular company activity days. Sam Media has a recognition and reward culture.
We are a pioneer and a leader in the mobile micro payment industry, we build and advertise our products, which include Mobile Apps, Video and Music Streaming Services, Online Learning and Mobile Games, with millions of users every single day. We are actively growing our performance marketing, behavioural targeting, real-time bidding and programmatic media buying capabilities.
Sam Media is a big and diverse family. with a variety of skills and 25 nationalities with offices in Kuala Lumpur, Amsterdam and Hanoi.
What is the role?
The overall purpose of the role is to drive conversion rate and conceptualising marketing concepts.
Commercial Design
You will create customer centric design (banners and landing pages), developing messages and targeting certain market segments using persuasive designs.
You will identify and use an appropriate range of sources and types of data to answer questions. Gathering data thoroughly and accurately and subjects it to analysis to improve our conversion rate.
Web Technologies
You will be working with web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript as needed.
Competitor Intelligence
You will stay up-to-date on competitors and understands their strengths and weaknesses versus our own.
Strategic Planning
You will co-author, marketing concepts, AB test, and design sprints, taking into account different factors needed from the team.
Your Skills and Responsibilities:
You’re a confident Web/UI designer who enjoys solving problems both big and small.
Create engaging banners and commercially successful landing pages.
Can explore concepts, shape design solutions, and rapidly visualise a proposition, through sketching and prototyping.
Utilize elements of persuasive design to influence the behavior of users in our products and campaigns.
Decent wireframing and prototyping skills using adobe XD, Sketch or other softwares.
Three or more years of experience (hands-on experience in designing successful mobile advertisements is a plus).
Constantly optimize existing designs in terms of conversion based on test results through AB testing.
You have mastered front-end technologies: HTML5, CSS3, CSS animations and JavaScript.
You have a good sense of typography, use of colors and layouts.
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively.
Adaptable and willing to learn new techniques.
Adaptable and willing to learn new techniques.
Experience with google analytics is an added advantage.
Strong communicator in English.
More reasons to come and works with us
Established in 2006, we are a market-proven, well-established, international company with an informal culture and ability to move fast;
We invest in the personal development of each Sam Median by taking courses, attending conferences, and other learning opportunities;
We have regular team(building) events, including lunches, monthly office birthday celebration, and a yearly company trip;
We have a creative office in the heart of Amsterdam with tasty coffee, tea, fresh fruit, daily fresh lunch, and beers on Friday afternoons.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=42ea0a6f52e862d4&from=vj&sjdu=xQSRIZmHHZCYoinm1bkZW4tdimYP_Sifz_W6abanX_aj98Ww8M8tWs7nKgilN4CF&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1ac33e0b74086c1b&assa=385,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=42ea0a6f52e862d4&fccid=e46827d74e8d3cdf&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,commercial services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,G,0.43134535367545074,0.5686546463245492,0.340940612785273,0.6591854747194553,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
9,author,Indeed,p_438227d772a5ce65,"Senior Client Solutions Architect , Amsterdam",VMware PSO, Amsterdam,"1.Role – P5 Senior Client Solutions Architect
The global VMware Professional Services (PS) Organization drives and influences the success of each VMware implementation. The PS team is dedicated to the success of our customers and their digital strategies. The PS team ensures that VMware customers are successfully implementing and delivering against their business plans from adoption all the way to a fully functioning solution that meets their defined business outcomes.
As a PS Senior Client Solutions Architect (CSA), you will be responsible for the PS design and scoping of services of complex transformational solutions for our customers. The role will require you to understand the products, frameworks, and design patterns used for Vmware solutions. You will be asked to contribute to these frameworks, develop reusable domain solutions, and mentor internal & external stakeholders on the use of the tools. You will be working as part of a team with similar charters. To effectively build solutions to solve for complex business problems it will be important to build a strong network among your peers and internal & external teams. You should be ready to take ownership of the pre-sales initiatives and programs to aid in delivering of our solutions. The ideal candidate will have a good mix of Technical Skills, Business Acumen, and a strong bias for customer centricity. The ideal candidate will need to be able to understand the customers vision and to be able to translate this to desired business outcomes and the IT solutions which underpin them. You will be acting as a lead technologist and should have a broad understanding of Vmware and related technologies. The ideal candidate would have domain level understanding in one or more of the following Franchises:
Multi-Cloud
Application Modernisation
Digital Workspace
Virtual Cloud Networking
Intrinsic Security
VMware PS is committed to offering a collaborative and supportive working environment with a full enablement plan and the opportunity to develop in the latest Software-Defined Datacenter or Digital Workspace technologies and solutions. We promote an inclusive atmosphere where your voice will be heard, and where you will be part of a dynamic team working in partnership with each other and with our customers.
We are looking for conscientious and responsible individuals who can build on our successful track record and come with us on the next stage of our journey.
We will sponsor your enablement and certification for Vmware technical skills and potentially non-Vmware specific but associated certifications and soft skills via our ‘Take1’ initiatives.

Responsibilities
Working in partnership with the core sales, services sales and delivery teams you will lead the pre-sales engagement with customers to understand desired customer outcomes, technical objectives, and services requirements
Design high level solutions to meet the business outcomes and IT objectives
Development of Vision for the Solution, Strategy and Services Roadmaps
Ability to think past individual products and create end to end solutions to meet the business outcomes
Effectively communicate the proposed services architecture to the customer, partners and project teams to demonstrate its tangible value
Ensure that proposals, services solution designs and Statements Of Work are technically sound, deliverable, competitive and representative of market leadership in the application of technology to addressing business outcomes
Assist with the completion and response of customer issues RFI’s, RFQ’s and RFP’s
Ownership of the technical components of the Statement Of Work including pre-requisites, responsibilities, technical scaling factors, out of scope items etc.
Accurately define role based Level Of Effort required to deliver the solution in line with VMware best practice and support guidelines
Facilitate accurate, timely and efficient handover of projects from the sales phase to delivery
Author blogs, technical articles and white papers based on experiences
Speak at events such as VMworld, Sales Kick-Offs, Technical Summits etc.
Provide lessons learned feedback to Services Sales, Delivery Management and Engineering based on customer feedback
Creates artefacts and manages collaboration with PS Engineering
Adhere to VMware PS sales process and methodologies on all opportunity pursuits
Mastery of necessary tooling including PS Solution Builder
Maintain proficiency in VMware service offerings, value propositions, and representative case studies
Support Field enablement of Client Solution Executives (PS Client Sales Execs), CSAs, inside Client Sales Execs and iCSAs based on domain expertise
Mentoring of peers and more junior CSAs as appropriate
Lead internal enablement and community discussions around emerging technologies
Obtain continuous feedback from the field, including customers, bringing IP back to corporate teams and making recommendations on future service offerings
Working with PS Client Sales Execs help to scrub franchise specific forecasts to provide the best possible view for the business
Confidently gather use case requirements and solution designs while functioning as an advocate for “Best Practices” and driving adoption of VMware solutions.
Ensure the solution being delivered is fit for purpose, referencing the initial business goals and objectives of the project through strong governance
Maintain up to date high-level technical knowledge of the VMware product line and future product direction and expert level knowledge of your specialist domains
1.Role – P5 Senior Client Solutions Architect
The global VMware Professional Services (PS) Organization drives and influences the success of each VMware implementation. The PS team is dedicated to the success of our customers and their digital strategies. The PS team ensures that VMware customers are successfully implementing and delivering against their business plans from adoption all the way to a fully functioning solution that meets their defined business outcomes.
As a PS Senior Client Solutions Architect (CSA), you will be responsible for the PS design and scoping of services of complex transformational solutions for our customers. The role will require you to understand the products, frameworks, and design patterns used for Vmware solutions. You will be asked to contribute to these frameworks, develop reusable domain solutions, and mentor internal & external stakeholders on the use of the tools. You will be working as part of a team with similar charters. To effectively build solutions to solve for complex business problems it will be important to build a strong network among your peers and internal & external teams. You should be ready to take ownership of the pre-sales initiatives and programs to aid in delivering of our solutions. The ideal candidate will have a good mix of Technical Skills, Business Acumen, and a strong bias for customer centricity. The ideal candidate will need to be able to understand the customers vision and to be able to translate this to desired business outcomes and the IT solutions which underpin them. You will be acting as a lead technologist and should have a broad understanding of Vmware and related technologies. The ideal candidate would have domain level understanding in one or more of the following Franchises:
Multi-Cloud
Application Modernisation
Digital Workspace
Virtual Cloud Networking
Intrinsic Security
VMware PS is committed to offering a collaborative and supportive working environment with a full enablement plan and the opportunity to develop in the latest Software-Defined Datacenter or Digital Workspace technologies and solutions. We promote an inclusive atmosphere where your voice will be heard, and where you will be part of a dynamic team working in partnership with each other and with our customers.
We are looking for conscientious and responsible individuals who can build on our successful track record and come with us on the next stage of our journey.
We will sponsor your enablement and certification for Vmware technical skills and potentially non-Vmware specific but associated certifications and soft skills via our ‘Take1’ initiatives.

Responsibilities
Working in partnership with the core sales, services sales and delivery teams you will lead the pre-sales engagement with customers to understand desired customer outcomes, technical objectives, and services requirements
Design high level solutions to meet the business outcomes and IT objectives
Development of Vision for the Solution, Strategy and Services Roadmaps
Ability to think past individual products and create end to end solutions to meet the business outcomes
Effectively communicate the proposed services architecture to the customer, partners and project teams to demonstrate its tangible value
Ensure that proposals, services solution designs and Statements Of Work are technically sound, deliverable, competitive and representative of market leadership in the application of technology to addressing business outcomes
Assist with the completion and response of customer issues RFI’s, RFQ’s and RFP’s
Ownership of the technical components of the Statement Of Work including pre-requisites, responsibilities, technical scaling factors, out of scope items etc.
Accurately define role based Level Of Effort required to deliver the solution in line with VMware best practice and support guidelines
Facilitate accurate, timely and efficient handover of projects from the sales phase to delivery
Author blogs, technical articles and white papers based on experiences
Speak at events such as VMworld, Sales Kick-Offs, Technical Summits etc.
Provide lessons learned feedback to Services Sales, Delivery Management and Engineering based on customer feedback
Creates artefacts and manages collaboration with PS Engineering
Adhere to VMware PS sales process and methodologies on all opportunity pursuits
Mastery of necessary tooling including PS Solution Builder
Maintain proficiency in VMware service offerings, value propositions, and representative case studies
Support Field enablement of Client Solution Executives (PS Client Sales Execs), CSAs, inside Client Sales Execs and iCSAs based on domain expertise
Mentoring of peers and more junior CSAs as appropriate
Lead internal enablement and community discussions around emerging technologies
Obtain continuous feedback from the field, including customers, bringing IP back to corporate teams and making recommendations on future service offerings
Working with PS Client Sales Execs help to scrub franchise specific forecasts to provide the best possible view for the business
Confidently gather use case requirements and solution designs while functioning as an advocate for “Best Practices” and driving adoption of VMware solutions.
Ensure the solution being delivered is fit for purpose, referencing the initial business goals and objectives of the project through strong governance
Maintain up to date high-level technical knowledge of the VMware product line and future product direction and expert level knowledge of your specialist domains
Requirements
A minimum of 5 years Pre-Sales /Business development / Advisory experience in a consulting and/or professional services environment or 3 years in a CSA role and should have supported a regional quota
Technical services scoping experience in a consulting/services environment, including time supporting sales and liaising with technical practices and delivery
Delivery or production experience in at least 2 of the 5 main Franchises
Strong presentation, C-level client management and business development skills with the ability to articulate options & ideas
Superior organizational and negotiation skills
Experience of working in a multi-dimensional and matrixed organisation
Ability to influence external & internal decision makers and to anticipate challenges and take pro-active action to address
Willingness to travel up to 50% of the time
Strong documentation and technical writing skills with an ability to create high impact customer facing deliverables
Ability to demonstrate solid commercial acumen
Adaptable and progressive learner with the ability to communicate complex technical topics to both a technical and non-technical audience
An active listener with excellent communications and interpersonal skills, with an ability to utilizes different styles of questioning techniques and manage conflict and objection handling
Experience of working with a wider team to respond to RFI, RFQ or RPS’s

Category : Sales
Subcategory: Solutions Architect
Experience: Business Leadership
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-01-29
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=438227d772a5ce65&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=494db2eec9a77ddc&assa=1336,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=438227d772a5ce65&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
10,author,Indeed,p_d6cef24ef7f5983f,Data Scientist,Magno IT, Amsterdam,"We are currently looking for a Data Scientist with Machine Learning experience for an international company in Amsterdam area.
Focus of the position
As a Machine Learning Scientist, you will be working with our business units on developing services that analyze, annotate and structure content found in scientific articles. We want to develop automated text classification and entity linking targeting specific problems in scientific manuscript structuring, author and reference identification. Ultimately, machine learning tools may suggest annotations and structured meta-data that are as good as human- generated data and even replace human annotations. Our solutions depend heavily on concept indexing or annotation, relationship extraction, extracting data from formatted text, images, mathematical expressions and tables. As a Machine Learning Scientist, you will have experience solving content analysis problems using supervised or unsupervised machine learning methodologies, you know of the state-of-the-art tooling in processing textual content at a large scale and be familiar with analyzing image data. You have a good understanding of the current Machine Learning libraries and have used at least some of them, solving real life problems. You are a hands-on person that does not care about Java or Python but about the right approach to the problem.
Main Activities and Responsibilities
· understand and use computer science fundamentals, including data structures, algorithms, computability and complexity and computer architecture
· produce project outcomes and isolate the issues that need to be resolved, in order to make programmes more effective
· collaborate with data engineers to build data and model pipelines
· manage the infrastructure and data pipelines needed to bring code to production
· demonstrate end-to-end understanding of applications (including, but not limited to, the machine learning and NLP algorithms) being created
· improve algorithms based on statistical modelling procedures and maintain scalable machine learning solutions in production
· build optimization strategy to improve the performance of machine learning models in production
· communicate and explain complex processes to people who are not machine learning or NLP expert
· liaise with stakeholders to analyse business problems, clarify requirements and define the scope of the resolution needed
· liaise with data scientists, engineers and developers to identify, analyze and support in resolution of machine learning models in production
· research and implement best practices to improve the existing machine learning infrastructure
· provide support to engineers and product managers in implementing machine learning in the product
· writing code in Java, Python and maintaining Maven archetype
Qualifications and Experience
· Bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, or a related field.
· Master's degree in computational linguistics, data analytics, or similar will be advantageous.
· At least two years' experience as a machine learning engineer.
· Advanced proficiency with Python and Java coding.
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks, libraries, data structures, data modeling, and software architecture.
· In-depth knowledge of mathematics, statistics, and algorithms.
· Superb analytical and problem-solving abilities.
· Great communication and collaboration skills.
· Excellent time management and organizational abilities.
Desirable Additional Skills
· AWS Certification is a plus
· Experience in building machine learning models is a plus
· experience in operationalization of machine learning model is a plus
· experience with docker/ Kubernetes / APIs is a plus
Does this role spark your interest? Then please provide me with your most recent resume and contact details, so that we can discuss this vacancy more detailed by phone.
rosi@magno-it.nl +31640297385",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d6cef24ef7f5983f&fccid=f7c7d52450f5eba7&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
11,author,Indeed,p_f84840e3b3c3a2ba,Solution Architect,Versa Networks, Amsterdam,"About Us:
Versa Networks, Inc. is a leading vendor of next-generation Software Defined solutions and architectures, called Cloud IP Platform. Versa is providing an end-to-end solution that both simplifies and secures the WAN/branch office network.
The goal of the Versa Cloud IP Platform is to provide unprecedented business advantages through a software-based approach that allows for unmatched agility, cost savings and flexibility. We have created a feature-rich, scalable yet simple to use software platform to implement many different enterprise and service provider use cases, including:
Full software-defined branch (SD-Branch) for enterprise customers.
Secure SD-WAN for enterprises with layered security.
Next-generation managed services like SD-Branch and SD-WAN for service providers.
We are looking for passionate, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy Solution Architects to help our customers and partners evaluate, adopt and expand the use of our technology.
Job responsibilities:
Evangelize technical leadership to our customers and partners.
Provide architectural design services of state-of-art SDWAN deployments, including HLD/LLD documentation.
Perform hands-on tests to validate customer proof-of-concept setups, network designs, and network deployments using new products and feature.
Provide Professional Services on assignment bases to strategic customers.
Author whitepapers, knowledge base articles, and other customer/partner facing content.
Essential Skills:
Experience in planning and designing or operating service provider or large enterprise WAN/LAN networks.
In depth understanding of TCP/IP protocol stack and operation.
Knowledge on WAN technologies and protocols like MPLS, MPLS based VPNs, BGP, OSPF, QoS, NAT, Multicast.
Knowledge in architecting and/or managing large-scale, high performing and resilient Enterprise networking solutions.
Knowledge on Linux administration.
Shell scripting, python scripting knowledge.
Desired Skills:
Operational knowledge on next gen firewalls/UTMs, IDS/IPS and malware prevention systems.
Knowledge on best practices architectures for SaaS applications.
Hands-on experience in public and private cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Openstack, VMware.
Competency:
Great analytical thinking.
Ability to think full stack when it comes to problem solving.
Ability to learn new technology quickly.
Excellent hands-on skills in deploying and troubleshooting complex networks.
Willingness to help customers, peers and other team members at any time.
Our Benefits:
Versa Networks is a small but rapidly growing organization. It is built by people with vast experience in networking industry. We are a pragmatic team with a healthy work-life balance. We offer a competitive compensation package with pre-IPO equity. Additionally, we offer a quality of life benefit to everyone in an inspiring environment with skilled and passionate co-workers. Our exciting company culture offers a great place to work and most important, to have fun.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f84840e3b3c3a2ba&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2b64d2f672c83b00&assa=2858,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f84840e3b3c3a2ba&fccid=3f903c48026c01dc&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
12,author,Indeed,p_2f7159ab136f0da5,Sr. Support Engineer - Terraform Enterprise,HashiCorp, Amsterdam,"About HashiCorp

HashiCorp is a fast-growing startup that solves development, operations, and security challenges in infrastructure so organizations can focus on mission-critical tasks. We build tools to ease these decisions by presenting solutions that span the gaps. Our tools manage both physical machines and virtual machines, Windows, and Linux, SaaS and IaaS, etc.

About the Role
HashiCorp is looking for a high-caliber customer facing engineering professional to join its Support Engineering team. This is an exciting opportunity to join a small team and have a direct impact on HashiCorp's fast growing business. This highly visible position will be an integral part of both the support engineering and Terraform Open Source/Enterprise teams. You are a fit if you thrive in a fast-paced culture that values essential communication, collaboration, and results. This person is a self-motivated, detailed individual with an eye for automation, process improvement, and problem solving.

Working with the Manager, Support Engineering, this Senior Support Engineer will be a key member of the Customer Success organization and will directly impact customer satisfaction and success. This individual will solve sophisticated issues related to Terraform and Terraform Enterprise and independently work to find viable solutions. They will contribute to product growth and development via weekly product and marketing meetings. You will attend customer meetings as needed to help identify, debug and resolve the customer issue and is expected to be a liaison between the customer and HashiCorp engineering. When possible, our Support Engineers will update and improve documentation, guide feature development, and implement bug fixes based on customer feedback.

In this role you can expect to:
Reproduce and debug customer issues by using or building test environments and tools. This is what you do the majority of your time.
Triage and tackle incoming support requests via Zendesk within SLA, including high-severity urgent cases
Document and record all activity and communication with customers in accordance to both internal and external security standards
Attend weekly product engineering meetings to discuss issues pertinent to support
Collaborate with engineers, sales engineers, sales representatives, and technical account managers to schedule, coordinate, and lead debugging calls
Contribute to product documentation, customer knowledge base, and best practices guides
Continuously improve process and tools for normal, repetitive support tasks
Periodic 24/7 on-call rotation (one week in every two months)
30 days:
Holistic understanding of Terraform/Terraform Enterprise and the interaction with other HashiCorp Product Suite
Successfully perform all common work flows within Terraform Enterprise
1 contribution to extend or improve product documentation or install guides
Successfully play with all the elements in Terraform Guide (https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/index.html).
60 days:
Ability to triage and communicate to Level 1 & 2 inquiries independently
Ability to provision and bootstrap Terraform/Terraform Enterprise with all the sophisticated features without assistance
Ride along on 1-2 live customer debugging calls
Author 1 ""customer knowledge base"" article from area of subject matter expertise
90 days:
Ability to effectively fix and respond to a production down issue with minimal assistance
Ability to take any Terraform ticket without assistance
Ability to independently find points of error and identify root cause by examining log files
Ability to create ongoing KB articles that will benefit all customers

You may be a good fit for our team if you have:

At least 5 years of Support Engineering.
A minimum of 8 years DevOps Engineering, Software Engineering, or System Administration experience
Experience with Terraform/Terraform Enterprise or Private Terraform is a huge plus
Experience with scripting tool of choice to help automate re[production environments (for example, Bash, Python, PowerShell)
Ability to read sophisticated code for troubleshooting and familiarity with Github
Experience with REST APIs and command line tools
Strong written and verbal communication skills — technical writing experience a plus
Well-organized, excellent work ethic, attention to detail, and self-starting
Experience troubleshooting and resolving urgent, high-visibility technical problems
Familiarity with Distributed Systems, Microservice architecture, and Containers
Interest in cloud adoption and technology at scale
Excellent problem solving, analytical, and troubleshooting skills
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, Technical Writing, or equivalent professional experience.

HashiCorp embraces diversity and equal opportunity. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe the more inclusive we are, the better our company will be. #LI-JN1

#LI-Remote",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2f7159ab136f0da5&fccid=044076f542c2a482&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
13,author,Indeed,p_be33d73019c387dd,Managed Cloud Strategist @Binx,Xebia, Hilversum,"Join us on our cloud-native journey
AWS, GCP, AZURE, ALIBABA CLOUD

Job description
As a Cloud Strategist, you advise large enterprises and category leaders on their cloud strategy. Based on audits and reviews you make sure that there is a solid plan to migrate the existing workloads to a (multi-)cloud platform. You are the trusted advisor of your client’s
leadership team and make sure that the transition to the new technology and way of working is an enjoyable experience for every stakeholder.
Cloud technology holds no secrets for you, you know your way around cloud services both in general and hands-on.

Your Specs
You have obtained a Master’s degree or higher in Business Administration or similar
You have a least five years of experience with designing cloud architecture
You easily communicate with and convey your message to executives, managers, and practitioners alike
You bring a network of IT decision makers
You know your way around cloud platforms, technology and strategy
You are fluent in English, both in written and verbally, and are confident with the Dutch language

Working at Binx
At Binx, you’ll find like-minded colleagues at the forefront of cloud innovation, all of whom have the courage to veer from the beaten path; we strive for excellence at every turn and drive organizations towards achieving their goals. We firmly believe that cloud is the single most significant technology shift organizations will face in this decade. Are you ready to join us on our journey?

Not Your Average Start-Up
Founded at the beginning of 2018 as part of the Xebia Group, we develop our organization with an open mind. At the same time, being part of an established organization like Xebia, allows us to grow a business without the organizational and economical headaches associated with start-up life. The Xebia Group provide us with the network, scale, experience, and back-office we need, and gives us room to focus on what really matters: cloud consultancy for leading companies. Our overarching mission is Authority. Our core values are: people first, quality without
compromise, sharing knowledge, and customer intimacy.

Work With Colleagues Who Inspire and Challenge You
Everyone within the Xebia Group works here because of his or her track record. At Binx, youwill work alongside true experts. Think Microsoft Regional Directors, MVPs, Amazon Partner Network Ambassadors, Google Developer Experts, and O’Reilly trainers and authors.

Embark on a learning journey
Because we value your experience, we will facilitate you to keep developing yourself. You will be inspired by attending, or organising, our Xebia Knowledge Exchange sessions and by working on side-projects during our Innovation days.

Interested in learning more about working at Binx? Please get in touch with us.

Included in The Package
At Binx, we treat each other properly; with respect, cooperation, and a view towards creating an enthusiastic, self-empowered, dynamic working community. Our culture exudes creativity and ambition, and our colleagues share an insatiable thirst for knowledge. We’re especially
proud of our generous training budget and our innovation days.

Apart from an amazing culture, we provide some great primary benefits:
Competitive salary
Pension plan
Company car (if applicable for your role)
Your choice of laptop (once every 24 months)
Your choice of phone
€5000,- a year in training budget, without a fight. In fact, it’s your obligation to spend
it every year.
Unlimited book budget",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=be33d73019c387dd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=545d3541781b19ab&assa=4604,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=be33d73019c387dd&fccid=bb33996a45f47d81&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
14,author,Indeed,pj_1de2e2b0bcae2a72,Project Controls Lead,Linesight, Nederland,"Project Controls Lead
The Project Control Lead will need to bring energy, experience, and commitment to carry out the following on projects expected to be of the order of €100m over the next three years.
Work in conjunction with project teams to implement tools and methods to ensure project control (cost, schedule, change management, progress reporting, and risk management)
Monitor leading indicators and trends to provide early warning of issues to project teams, the E&C Area Lead and Regional Directors.
Be accountable, unbiased, make issues visible and collaborate with teams to solve problems before they become overruns or missed deadlines
Author / contribute to the Project Control Plan, and ensure adherence to plan during the project control lifecycle.
Liaise with Project control partners onsite to ensure that projects are being tracked appropriately, and execute site walkdowns regularly to ensure that the reported progress is accurate.
Maintain a degree of independence within the Project Team as the Project Control representative onsite.
Supervise any future project control resources onsite that will be hired as the need arises.
Responsibilities:
Develop, monitor and maintain overall excel based Monthly Project Cost Reports including: budgeting, forecasting, variance analysis, change management, risk management, and early warning of issues. Transfer data monthly to a Project Online Web based reporting system.
Generate a Powerpoint report for each project monthly that gives context to the cost schedule, change, progress and risk data.
Maintain schedule oversight on the portfolio, understanding and tracking interconnecting milestones and constraint.
Assure accurate and timely monitoring of project commitments, spending, accruals, budget transfers and change orders
Interface with systems such as (SAP, PPRS, etc.) to enable controlling/reporting
Develop and maintain overall project staffing and spending plans (Resource sheet)
Support implementation of Target Value Delivery during estimation phases.
Interface with AE (Architect Engineer) & CM (Construction Management) Project Control personnel to ensure accurate and timely cost reports and forecasts
Support of project financial close out requirements including asset definition and valuation

Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree in an engineering discipline. Also acceptable would be degrees in Business Intelligence, Math's, Computer Science or Economics, depending on relevant experience.
Core competencies:
5-10 years of Project engineering experience, preferably someone who has been involved with both client & Engineering Design organizations. Preference for Pharma Experience.
5 years experience in cost, schedule, and risk control, with a preference for Pharmaceutical projects. Open to relevant experience from other industries should experience match the above responsibilities.
Strong preference for a fluent Dutch speaker who knows the Dutch market, while understanding that English will be the language for communication and reporting.
Demonstrated experience balancing and organizing multiple project or assignments
Demonstrated ability to interface effectively and collaborate with clients/peers/management to successfully meet shifting needs.
Strong data skills. Demonstrated experience and excellence with Microsoft Excel – use of pivot tables, aggregation of data, comfortable with lookup tables, formulas, table structures.
Experience using MS Project or Primavera P6. Interest in learning more.
Knowledge of SAP (or demonstrated ability to use new tools easily)
Working knowledge of progress measurement methods and understanding of earned value systems
Open mindset, and willingness to do more with our data.
Preference for candidates with experience or interest in BI Software (Microsoft BI or Spotfire) – and some programming knowledge (e.g. VBA, Python).

Are you looking for a career with a leading global organization, working on a dynamic range of projects? Linesight has been providing professional consultancy services, management support and strategic advice to the global construction industry since 1974. We offer you the opportunity to progress your career, work on exciting projects with world-renowned clients, and be a part of a fast-growing, fast-paced global team.
We have deep domain knowledge and experience spanning a multitude of sectors including Commercial, Data Centers, Life Sciences, Healthcare, High-Tech Industrial, Hospitality, Education, Residential and Retail. As an organization, we seek out innovative self-starters with the skills to deliver exceptional outcomes for our clients, and the desire to shape the environments in which we live.
Our company provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=1de2e2b0bcae2a72&from=vj&sjdu=6-WQFIVUMwtJoOUh6mxE9Ip2sc_Mskk4E4QyQ8uYSSR7XAjrBuvGZEMw_W6iqOG5-yyX2pg-QlELgfYjsD5W5iRZlaj1Acycm5BnFder6ScORd84hbM1plM9lXeQQJno&spon=1&adid=363784116&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BMsC4U98FP29fe7SsPKB2Nxp4NkYN2gj8HH81TFcFQmmFkcRXo9Y-DISvil3W3JcakEpb-EUVCBfN2OkCpRKH8eK1caN98no1NdT2YOYPa0tneXXCPkNQeT8kd9IKaZIfmpZpwd4ey_9glC14bvBKcP0pd7AAw7LHqEAeHaVKMgAdQnVTvxCvtTIgp6fWEn5WSAVEH9Ic76syv4rLjZI7e-VEd8GQ8WEBw705rFAYANGzaodCUHijA9-1NSV_CSnVYudHQufFvH8DU3KcClKXyzBLEiiqP60r6Fzs5mvZHqM0_MHnwHltbeCpCT5hPtFgAYrTks96jNDjTASn0TZ1QtFbUPj_a9_IdZb8gN2oc9c8D-Kine5THfD_CP85UI_c5nbUaVG4V3UtPD2jURyn9t0J4J2udIHVkXPHqSkZPLYCVxubIaql6gQgNLfbhH2QbyJnaHobQGqzg6EvnsMjZwUHDy6sYbR6aLFuN-YWOiOn3o3XPT5j4aFM9jaQBe7KI4z6aV0xWKBfH4IYw0mWi&astse=28d56f6dceaed0c6&assa=5419,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BMsC4U98FP29fe7SsPKB2Nxp4NkYN2gj8HH81TFcFQmmFkcRXo9Y-DISvil3W3JcakEpb-EUVCBfN2OkCpRKH8eK1caN98no1NdT2YOYPa0tneXXCPkNQeT8kd9IKaZIfmpZpwd4ey_9glC14bvBKcP0pd7AAw7LHqEAeHaVKMgAdQnVTvxCvtTIgp6fWEn5WSAVEH9Ic76syv4rLjZI7e-VEd8GQ8WEBw705rFAYANGzaodCUHijA9-1NSV_CSnVYudHQufFvH8DU3KcClKXyzBLEiiqP60r6Fzs5mvZHqM0_MHnwHltbeCpCT5hPtFgAYrTks96jNDjTASn0TZ1QtFbUPj_a9_IdZb8gN2oc9c8D-Kine5THfD_CP85UI_c5nbUaVG4V3UtPD2jURyn9t0J4J2udIHVkXPHqSkZPLYCVxubIaql6gQgNLfbhH2QbyJnaHobQGqzg6EvnsMjZwUHDy6sYbR6aLFuN-YWOiOn3o3XPT5j4aFM9jaQBe7KI4z6aV0xWKBfH4IYw0mWi&p=14&fvj=0&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
15,author,Indeed,p_d33f551179daf093,Managed Cloud Service Engineer @Binx,Xebia, Hilversum,"Join us on our cloud-native journey
AWS, GCP, AZURE, ALIBABA CLOUD

Job description
As a Managed Cloud Services Engineer you take great pride in achieving (a near) 100% uptime of cloud infrastructure and applications. This means that the environments that you are responsible for are automated and optimized. You audit, assess and optimize cloud
environments, but also look after the monitoring, reporting and troubleshooting.

Your Specs
You have obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Informatics / Computer Science or similar
You have at least five years of relevant working experience
You are an absolute expert on multiple cloud topics
You are an experienced speaker and author and a portfolio to demonstrate for this
You are fluent in English, both written and verbally, and are confident with the Dutch language

Working at Binx
At Binx, you’ll find like-minded colleagues at the forefront of cloud innovation, all of whom have the courage to veer from the beaten path; we strive for excellence at every turn and drive organizations towards achieving their goals. We firmly believe that cloud is the single most significant technology shift organizations will face in this decade. Are you ready to join us on our journey?

Not Your Average Start-Up
Founded at the beginning of 2018 as part of the Xebia Group, we develop our organization with an open mind. At the same time, being part of an established organization like Xebia, allows us to grow a business without the organizational and economical headaches associated with start-up life. The Xebia Group provide us with the network, scale, experience, and back-office we need, and gives us room to focus on what really matters: cloud consultancy for leading companies. Our overarching mission is Authority. Our core values are: people first, quality without
compromise, sharing knowledge, and customer intimacy.

Work With Colleagues Who Inspire and Challenge You
Everyone within the Xebia Group works here because of his or her track record. At Binx, youwill work alongside true experts. Think Microsoft Regional Directors, MVPs, Amazon Partner Network Ambassadors, Google Developer Experts, and O’Reilly trainers and authors.

Embark on a learning journey
Because we value your experience, we will facilitate you to keep developing yourself. You will be inspired by attending, or organising, our Xebia Knowledge Exchange sessions and by working on side-projects during our Innovation days.

Interested in learning more about working at Binx? Please get in touch with us.

Included in The Package
At Binx, we treat each other properly; with respect, cooperation, and a view towards creating an enthusiastic, self-empowered, dynamic working community. Our culture exudes creativity and ambition, and our colleagues share an insatiable thirst for knowledge. We’re especially
proud of our generous training budget and our innovation days.

Apart from an amazing culture, we provide some great primary benefits:
Competitive salary
Pension plan
Company car (if applicable for your role)
Your choice of laptop (once every 24 months)
Your choice of phone
€5000,- a year in training budget, without a fight. In fact, it’s your obligation to spend
it every year.
Unlimited book budget",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d33f551179daf093&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1541dd6c66f09f91&assa=9494,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d33f551179daf093&fccid=bb33996a45f47d81&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
16,author,Indeed,p_1a41661d9d22ee35,1857- Principal Regulatory Writer- Clinical Focus,Certara, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Certara company overview: Certara is the global leader in advancing modern, efficient drug development.
We provide proven modeling & simulation, regulatory and real-world value assessment software platforms and services. In partnership with our clients, we help reduce clinical trial burden, accelerate regulatory approval and increase patient access to medicines.
Synchrogenix, A Certara Company overview: Achieving Regulatory Success
As Certara’s Regulatory Science division, Synchrogenix accelerates the regulatory submissions of medical innovations worldwide through customized regulatory solutions, including strategy, communications, operations and technology. Synchrogenix is comprised of some of the most respected talent in the industry, including thought leaders, writers and editors, and regulatory submissions specialists. Our people are client and stakeholder-oriented, talented and quality-minded.
Synchrogenix's people are at the core of our success, and our most successful people are:
collaborative and value being part of a team
experts with a thirst for continued learning
consultative with an ability to articulate process and expertise
deadline-driven and able to operate in a fast-paced environment

Job Overview:
Regulatory Writers prepare high quality documentation for regulatory submissions in order to help streamline the regulatory documentation process for our clients. The Principal Regulatory Writer (PRW) is a major contributor to document authorship for a variety of documents across different service lines. The PRW will be the project leader and authoring contributor for all types of client engagements, while mentoring others in the knowledge of authoring regulatory documents.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with client and internal and partner organization teams to lead development of strategies for organizing and preparing regulatory documents
Lead a project team, actively participate in development and writing of high-quality documents (study-level and submission level documents, pharmacovigilance documents)
Serve as liaison and subject matter expert internally and for clients, guiding and advising them on strategies and best practices for achieving approval/agreement from regulatory authorities for all document types that Synchrogenix writes
Author documents per client specifications, templates, style guides, and other guidance documents
Author documents per regulatory authority guidelines and requirements
Act as client advisor and proactive consultant to collaborate and anticipate the needs of the client based on the relationship and knowledge while looking for new business opportunities
Take ownership of entire deliverable (e.g. CMC section) that include multiple writers
Manage budget for all types of projects, liaise with finance and mentor others in fiscal responsibility and outcomes at the project level
Usher documents through the review process, conduct comment resolutions meetings (CRMs), and successfully lead a project team to consensus
Maintain collaborative, proactive, and effective communication with both client and internal teams
Lead project-related meetings and teleconferences and coach others in same
Provide coaching to junior staff for all documents and ensure all staff comply with company standard operating procedures (SOPs) and training requirements

Education, Experience, Training, and Knowledge:
Bachelor’s degree (minimum)
10+ years of regulatory writing experience with clinical, non-clinical, CMC or pharmacovigilance related documentation
Understands regulatory requirements for different phases of development and different regulatory pathways
Knowledge of global health authority requirements
Collective experience writing and leading a range of documents in their entirety (e.g. study and submission level, pharmacovigilance)
Strong understanding of the document creation process and of the drug development lifecycle

Skills & Abilities:
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Word skills (editing tools, creating and modifying tables and inserting figures) and document management techniques
Able to synthesize data across multiple data sources and documents to create summary reports
Practice blameless problem solving, effectively managing all crisis communications, managing risks, and realizing business opportunities
Ability to communicate difficult and complex ideas clearly and effectively to all stakeholders
Ability to lead submission-level sections (e.g., nonclinical section [Module 2.6]), taking responsibility for clarity of purpose, leading others toward the common goal within timeline and budget on complex projects
Ability to lead sub-teams for deliverables (e.g., pharmacovigilance documents, transparency & disclosure deliverables) , taking responsibility for clarity of purpose, leading others toward the common goal within timeline and budget on complex projects
Demonstrate an understanding of communication best practices, coaching others on communication implications of decision making
Ability to identify potential problems, promptly tackling those problems, particularly in sensitive or high-pressure situations
Possesses broad experience and technical expertise across more than one therapy area and integrate this knowledge to deliver business successes and actively transfer this knowledge to strengthen the skill base across the organization

Certara is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Certara does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.

#LI-HM",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1a41661d9d22ee35&fccid=f0ba227ba5c9c8b1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
17,author,Indeed,p_ba3c245887da9680,Senior Customer Support Engineer,Rubrik Job Board, Amsterdam,"Senior Tech Support Engineers at Rubrik will provide enterprise level technical support to our customers via phone, web, email, chat, onsite visits and other support channels as required. They are responsible for delivering effective solutions to backup, recovery, replicate, archive, index and search data across Rubrik clusters and the cloud. Theys will spend the majority of their time dealing with both technical and non-technical administrators and end users, with the remainder of the time spent with partners and other 3rd party vendors on interoperability issues. Specific duties include the following:

ABOUT THE JOB

In this role, you will:
Independently diagnose and resolve problems in the Rubrik products, as well as in the customer environment (e.g physical Linux and Windows system, VMWare virtual machines)
Troubleshoot networking connectivity and performance issues between Rubrik appliances and the cloud (e.g. AWS, Microsoft Azure), using Wireshark and other packet tracking and analysis tools. Assist customers and partners in administrating and configuring network, router, switch (e.g. Juniper and Cisco), firewall and spam settings.
Author knowledge-base articles for customers and internal consumption, detailing the symptoms, cause, workaround and solutions of common and/or known issues.
Participate in weekend and holiday on-call/shift rotations.
Attend onsite meetings and demos with Rubrik Sales Engineers during Proof of Concept (POC). Troubleshoot hardware issues and replace components on the Rubrik physical appliances at customers' datacenters.
Work with Rubrik's Engineering and QA teams to recreate customers' issues in the lab. Review documentations (e.g. Release Notes, User Guide) on upcoming new software releases.
Develop and enhance tools for analyzing logs, stats and performance data collected within the Rubrik appliances.
Contribute to the effective and efficient handling of all levels of technical support cases from basic user questions to issues requiring more in-depth technical and problem-solving skills
Independently diagnose and resolve problems within our sphere of the customer environment
Follow standard procedures for proper escalation of unresolved issues to the appropriate internal teams
Work with 3rd parties on interop issues.
Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers.
Ensure proper recording and closure of all issues
Design, define and document support processes, training and knowledge-base articles for customer and internal consumption.
Participate in weekend and holiday on-call/shift rotation.
ABOUT YOU
5+ years doing enterprise technical support in storage or backup verticals, including advanced issues such as snapshots, replication, data recovery, networking, and VMware administration.
Must have good technical knowledge of VMware, backup methodologies, Linux and networking.
Experience with scripting languages (bash, Python, Perl)
Bachelor's Degree Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
Experience with Microsoft Exchange and SQL, Oracle, Cassandra and MongoDB. Hands-on experience with installation, deployment, troubleshooting, configuration and tuning.
Experience with AWS, Azure and other cloud platforms
Strong written and oral communication skills; able to author and present root-cause analysis documents.

Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

#L!-AW1

#LI-Remote",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ba3c245887da9680&fccid=ba03cd038fd30855&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
18,author,Indeed,p_a087b464a6a092fa,Cloud Engineer @Binx,Xebia, Hilversum,"Join us on our cloud-native journey
AWS, GCP, AZURE, ALIBABA CLOUD

Job description
As a Cloud Engineer, you deploy cloud-native infrastructures that are easily maintainable and a joy for developers to use. Sometimes you start from scratch, in other instances you migrate environments, piece by piece to ensure little or no downtime for our valued clients.

You design the cloud landing zone, code the infrastructure, and create continuous delivery pipelines. You engineer a solution that exploits the benefits of the Cloud, is resilient to failure, provides high availability, and is easy to maintain. When applicable, you assist in the
design of serverless applications.

You will train the client’s staff, consult with their architects, and do everything in your power to ensure that the client is confident in the way they work in the cloud. After we’ve met our definition of done, you will immediately move on to the next challenging assignment.

Things like CloudFormation or Terraform are second nature to you, as are at least one ofAmazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Alibaba Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.

Your Specs
You have obtained a technical Bachelor’s degree or higher, OR you can demonstrate that
you possess the required skills and motivation
You are experienced with at least one public cloud services platform (AWS, GCP, Azure, Alibaba Cloud)
Automating repetitive tasks is a second nature to you
You have at least three years of relevant working experience
You are fluent in English , both in written and verbally, and are confident with the Dutch language

Working at Binx
At Binx, you’ll find like-minded colleagues at the forefront of cloud innovation, all of whom have the courage to veer from the beaten path; we strive for excellence at every turn and drive organizations towards achieving their goals. We firmly believe that cloud is the single most significant technology shift organizations will face in this decade. Are you ready to join us on our journey?

Not Your Average Start-Up
Founded at the beginning of 2018 as part of the Xebia Group, we develop our organization with an open mind. At the same time, being part of an established organization like Xebia, allows us to grow a business without the organizational and economical headaches associated with start-up life. The Xebia Group provide us with the network, scale, experience, and back-office we need, and gives us room to focus on what really matters: cloud consultancy for leading companies. Our overarching mission is Authority. Our core values are: people first, quality without
compromise, sharing knowledge, and customer intimacy.

Work With Colleagues Who Inspire and Challenge You
Everyone within the Xebia Group works here because of his or her track record. At Binx, youwill work alongside true experts. Think Microsoft Regional Directors, MVPs, Amazon Partner Network Ambassadors, Google Developer Experts, and O’Reilly trainers and authors.

Embark on a learning journey
Because we value your experience, we will facilitate you to keep developing yourself. You will be inspired by attending, or organising, our Xebia Knowledge Exchange sessions and by working on side-projects during our Innovation days.

Interested in learning more about working at Binx? Please get in touch with us.

Included in The Package
At Binx, we treat each other properly; with respect, cooperation, and a view towards creating an enthusiastic, self-empowered, dynamic working community. Our culture exudes creativity and ambition, and our colleagues share an insatiable thirst for knowledge. We’re especially
proud of our generous training budget and our innovation days.

Apart from an amazing culture, we provide some great primary benefits:
Competitive salary
Pension plan
Company car (if applicable for your role)
Your choice of laptop (once every 24 months)
Your choice of phone
€5000,- a year in training budget, without a fight. In fact, it’s your obligation to spend
it every year.
Unlimited book budget",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=a087b464a6a092fa&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=367bf4a3f5548b1c&assa=2326,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a087b464a6a092fa&fccid=bb33996a45f47d81&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
19,author,Indeed,p_78345214773ae146,Cloud Developer @Binx,Xebia, Hilversum,"Join us on our cloud-native journey
AWS, GCP, AZURE, ALIBABA CLOUD

Job description
As a Cloud Developer, you leverage cloud services to build cloud-native solutions for our clients. You pick cloud-native services over writing your own code any time. Your code is serverless and intertwines seamlessly with the infrastructure.

Your Specs
You have obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Informatics / Computer Science or similar
You have at least three years of experience in software engineering
You are experienced with at least one public cloud services platform (AWS, GCP, Azure, Alibaba Cloud)
You have at least three years of relevant working experience
You are fluent in English, both in written and verbally, and are confident with the Dutch language

About Binx
At Binx, you’ll find like-minded colleagues at the forefront of cloud innovation, all of whom have the courage to veer from the beaten path; we strive for excellence at every turn and drive organizations towards achieving their goals. We firmly believe that cloud is the single most significant technology shift organizations will face in this decade. Are you ready to join us on our journey?

Not Your Average Start-Up
Founded at the beginning of 2018 as part of the Xebia Group, we develop our organization with an open mind. At the same time, being part of an established organization like Xebia, allows us to grow a business without the organizational and economical headaches associated with start-up life. The Xebia Group provide us with the network, scale, experience, and back-office we need, and gives us room to focus on what really matters: cloud consultancy for leading companies. Our overarching mission is Authority. Our core values are: people first, quality without
compromise, sharing knowledge, and customer intimacy.

Work With Colleagues Who Inspire and Challenge You
Everyone within the Xebia Group works here because of his or her track record. At Binx, youwill work alongside true experts. Think Microsoft Regional Directors, MVPs, Amazon Partner Network Ambassadors, Google Developer Experts, and O’Reilly trainers and authors.

Embark on a learning journey
Because we value your experience, we will facilitate you to keep developing yourself. You will be inspired by attending, or organising, our Xebia Knowledge Exchange sessions and by working on side-projects during our Innovation days.

Interested in learning more about working at Binx? Please get in touch with us.

Included in The Package
At Binx, we treat each other properly; with respect, cooperation, and a view towards creating an enthusiastic, self-empowered, dynamic working community. Our culture exudes creativity and ambition, and our colleagues share an insatiable thirst for knowledge. We’re especially
proud of our generous training budget and our innovation days.

Apart from an amazing culture, we provide some great primary benefits:
Competitive salary
Pension plan
Company car (if applicable for your role)
Your choice of laptop (once every 24 months)
Your choice of phone
€5000,- a year in training budget, without a fight. In fact, it’s your obligation to spend
it every year.
Unlimited book budget",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=78345214773ae146&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=be265cc9c0e4b38b&assa=2870,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=78345214773ae146&fccid=bb33996a45f47d81&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
20,author,Indeed,p_8dc4039800048163,1858- Associate Principal Regulatory Writer- Clinical Focus,Certara, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Certara company overview: Certara is the global leader in advancing modern, efficient drug development.
We provide proven modeling & simulation, regulatory and real-world value assessment software platforms and services. In partnership with our clients, we help reduce clinical trial burden, accelerate regulatory approval and increase patient access to medicines.
Synchrogenix, A Certara Company overview: Achieving Regulatory Success
As Certara’s Regulatory Science division, Synchrogenix accelerates the regulatory submissions of medical innovations worldwide through customized regulatory solutions, including strategy, communications, operations and technology. Synchrogenix is comprised of some of the most respected talent in the industry, including thought leaders, writers and editors, and regulatory submissions specialists. Our people are client and stakeholder-oriented, talented and quality-minded.
Synchrogenix's people are at the core of our success, and our most successful people are:
collaborative and value being part of a team
experts with a thirst for continued learning
consultative with an ability to articulate process and expertise
deadline-driven and able to operate in a fast-paced environment

Job Overview:
Regulatory Writers prepare high quality documentation for regulatory submissions in order to help streamline the regulatory documentation process for our clients. The Associate Principal Regulatory Writer (APRW) is a major contributor to document authorship for a variety of documents across different service lines. The APRW will be the project leader and authoring contributor for all types of client engagements, while mentoring others in the knowledge of authoring regulatory documents.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with client and internal and partner organization teams to lead development of strategies for organizing and preparing regulatory documents
Lead a project team, and actively participate in development and writing of high-quality documents (study-level and submission level documents, pharmacovigilance documents)
Author documents per client specifications, templates, style guides, and other guidance documents
Author documents per regulatory authority guidelines and requirements
Act as client advisor, working collaboratively and developing a strong relationship of trust built upon consistent and reliable communication; communicate ideas and strategies to produce a successful end result
Practice blameless problem solving, taking broad perspectives in resolving issues to prevent negative impact to work
Manage budget for a low complexity project, including all contributors (writers, editors)
Usher documents through the review process, conduct comment resolutions meetings (CRMs) and successfully lead a project team to consensus
Maintain collaborative, proactive, and effective communication with both client and internal teams
Lead project-related meetings and teleconferences
Provide coaching to junior staff for study level documents as well as submission level documents and ensure all staff comply with company standard operating procedures (SOPs) and training requirements

Education, Experience, Training, and Knowledge:
Bachelor’s degree
8+ years of regulatory writing experience with clinical, non-clinical, CMC or pharmacovigilance related documentation
Understand regulatory requirements for different phases of development and different regulatory pathways
Knowledge of global health authority requirements
Experience in the development of submission-level documents

Skills & Abilities:
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Word skills (editing tools, creating and modifying tables and inserting figures) and document management techniques
Strong understanding of the document creation process and of the drug development lifecycle
Able to synthesize data across multiple data sources and documents to create summary reports
Expertise to provide subject matter guidance for quality document preparation, document review, accurate comment resolution/incorporation, and document finalization
Ability to own submission-level sections (e.g., nonclinical section [Module 2.6]), taking responsibility for clarity of purpose, leading others toward the common goal within timeline and budget on complex projects
Demonstrate an understanding of communication best practices, coaching others on communication implications of decision making
Develops professional relationships with clients as a way to further the business relationship and maintain current industry knowledge
Ability to identify and institutionalize work practices that are most effective in order to ensure consistency in performance
Ability to resolve problems that arise, particularly in sensitive or high-pressure situations
Possesses broad experience and technical expertise across more than one therapy area and integrate this knowledge to deliver business successes and actively transfer this knowledge to strength the skill base across the organization

Certara is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Certara does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.

#LI-HM",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8dc4039800048163&fccid=f0ba227ba5c9c8b1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
21,author,Indeed,p_e0c7b08ff3273e12,Pharmacovigilance and Regulatory Affairs Manager BeNeLux (m/f/d),Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Pharmacovigilance and Regulatory Affairs Manager BeNeLux (m/f/d)

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands

RESPONSIBILITIES

A combined role for covering Pharmacovigilance (PV) and Regulatory Affairs (RA) for the BeNeLux countries. Responsible for the management and oversight of the pharmacovigilance system and activities for the company. Post-licensing regulatory activities associated with ensuring that all Kyowa Kirin International’s marketed products in the BeNeLux countries are in compliance with applicable legislation and business requirements. Provision of accurate and reliable regulatory expertise for the specified countries and support for the EMEA and ROW RA team as needed.

Responsible for Rare Disease Business Unit and Established Medicines Business Unit products.

Pharmacovigilance:

A key component of the role is oversight and management of any contractors and/or vendors employed to support PV in the Territories
Act as the local qualified/registered/contact person for Netherlands, and ensure that appropriate local persons as required by local/international regulatory authority(ies) are appointed for Belgium and Luxembourg
Ensure the performance of regular, documented monitoring of the relevant regulatory authority website(s)/communications for relevant changes in local regulations or local safety concerns
Serve as primary point of contact for the oversight and management of the receipt of Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) from the Territory(ies), and for the collection, local processing, documentation, translation (to English), follow-up and archiving of ICSRs, and timely transmission of ICSRs to Global KK PV. This includes maintaining local tracking systems for all initial and follow up ICSRs
Ensure the performance of ICSR reconciliation with relevant internal KK departments, partners, vendors/contractors potentially engaged in ICSR handling and Global KK PV on monthly basis, of all initial and follow up reports received by the Local QPPV/LSO
Perform and document local literature searches, as necessary, for all key ingredients with at least one license in the BeNeLux countries (regardless of commercial status of product(s))
Communicate requirements to Global KK PV for any local aggregate reports requested by local regulatory authorities, and work with Global PV in the preparation and review of such reports, maintaining the report submission compliance for these local reports as necessary
Ensure notification to Global KK PV, in a timely manner, of any information requests or issues relating to product safety notified to the Affiliate from any source, including, but not limited to regulatory authority(ies)
Appropriate involvement in responding to the requester in a timely manner, in collaboration with Global KK PV and/or Regulatory Affairs as necessary
Collaborate with Affiliate Medical Affairs and KK Global PV personnel, to lead the local implementation of Risk Management Plans and commitments e.g., preparation or updating of educational materials, development of the communication plan, training of appropriate Affiliate personnel on the use of any materials
Co-ordinate any PV audit of the Affiliate, including CAPA management, in collaboration with QA and KK PV Compliance as appropriate
Collaborate with QA in preparation and performance of audits of vendors/contractors or partners
Ensure all appropriate local procedures and systems are in place for the local PV system. and are managed appropriately
Ensure the performance and documentation of relevant local PV-related training of all local KK personnel and all relevant non-KK personnel
Ensure that appropriate PV agreements are in place with any partners or vendors/contractors that have a direct or indirect impact on the PV system
Assist in or co-ordinate any regulatory authority inspection in collaboration with KK Global PV Compliance and QA
Ensure that a PV Business Contingency procedure is in place
Prepare and send the Local QPPV/LSO monthly report to the regional QPPV, Deputy regional QPPV, and RHPV as appropriate
Ensure awareness of KK-sponsored digital media activity, including websites
Collaborate with local Medical Affairs and Commercial personnel to ensure; procedures are in place for the management of medical enquiries and quality complaints and o awareness of any local Organised Data Collection programmes (ODCs) e.g., clinical studies/trials, Investigator Sponsored Trials, non-interventional studies and other ODCs, including, but not limited to market research and patient support programmes

Regulatory Affairs:

Compliance with relevant regulatory legislation and guidelines, and company procedures (Timely packaging component artwork review and approval, following KKI processes and systems, to ensure that all relevant local legislation is met, e.g. ‘blue box’ requirements; Local downstream communication of regulatory procedure outcomes on receipt of notification from HQ-RA)
Ensure any local regulatory submissions and responses are prepared, peer-reviewed and submitted within agreed internal timelines and/or external deadlines, as necessary
Provision of local regulatory advice and support to HQ Regulatory Affairs, cross-functional teams, affiliates and partners, as necessary
Maintain electronic records for all submissions and communications with regulatory authorities, together with any supporting documentation
Author, review and train relevant staff on Regulatory Standard Operation Procedures and Department Guidelines as required
Act on new safety information received in an appropriate and timely manner

QUALIFICATIONS:

University degree in Pharmaceutical Sciences or equivalent
Expert regulatory knowledge of European regulatory procedures and local procedures in the countries of responsibility
Knowledge of regulatory compliance and change control
Relevant experience of PV within the pharmaceutical industry
Knowledge of relevant laws and regulations in the territories
Knowledge of relevant therapeutic areas is an advantage
Experience in translating corporate strategies into a local context, and a level of commercial awareness
Fluent in Dutch and English, both verbal and written, preferably with proficiency in French

BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e0c7b08ff3273e12&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=5db8f51822d27ada&assa=4693,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e0c7b08ff3273e12&fccid=30becc45a153a483&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
22,author,Indeed,p_35f76c09f39293ae,Cloud Trainer @Binx,Xebia, Hilversum,"Join us on our cloud-native journey
AWS, GCP, AZURE, ALIBABA CLOUD

Job description
As a Cloud Trainer, you develop our (instructorless) training curriculum and share knowledge through classroom training and conferences. People learn most by doing and helping others, that is why our training material consists of a bit of theory and a lot of hands-on labs. These labs are developed on a platform called Instruqt. The labs on Instruqt simulate a real-life situation where participants need to use the CLI to work towards a solution.

As a trainer, you are also an evangelist. This means, we expect you to love public speaking. Think of events, meetups, conferences, etc. Also, sharing knowledge means writing content for blog posts, whitepapers, and even books.

Your Specs
You have obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Informatics / Computer Science or similar
You have at least five years of relevant working experience
You are an absolute expert on multiple cloud topics
You are an experienced speaker and author and a portfolio to demonstrate for this
You are fluent in English, both in written and verbally, and are confident with the Dutch language

Working at Binx
At Binx, you’ll find like-minded colleagues at the forefront of cloud innovation, all of whom have the courage to veer from the beaten path; we strive for excellence at every turn and drive organizations towards achieving their goals. We firmly believe that cloud is the single most significant technology shift organizations will face in this decade. Are you ready to join us on our journey?

Not Your Average Start-Up
Founded at the beginning of 2018 as part of the Xebia Group, we develop our organization with an open mind. At the same time, being part of an established organization like Xebia, allows us to grow a business without the organizational and economical headaches associated with start-up life. The Xebia Group provide us with the network, scale, experience, and back-office we need, and gives us room to focus on what really matters: cloud consultancy for leading companies. Our overarching mission is Authority. Our core values are: people first, quality without
compromise, sharing knowledge, and customer intimacy.

Work With Colleagues Who Inspire and Challenge You
Everyone within the Xebia Group works here because of his or her track record. At Binx, youwill work alongside true experts. Think Microsoft Regional Directors, MVPs, Amazon Partner Network Ambassadors, Google Developer Experts, and O’Reilly trainers and authors.

Embark on a learning journey
Because we value your experience, we will facilitate you to keep developing yourself. You will be inspired by attending, or organising, our Xebia Knowledge Exchange sessions and by working on side-projects during our Innovation days.

Interested in learning more about working at Binx? Please get in touch with us.

Included in The Package
At Binx, we treat each other properly; with respect, cooperation, and a view towards creating an enthusiastic, self-empowered, dynamic working community. Our culture exudes creativity and ambition, and our colleagues share an insatiable thirst for knowledge. We’re especially
proud of our generous training budget and our innovation days.

Apart from an amazing culture, we provide some great primary benefits:
Competitive salary
Pension plan
Company car (if applicable for your role)
Your choice of laptop (once every 24 months)
Your choice of phone
€5000,- a year in training budget, without a fight. In fact, it’s your obligation to spend
it every year.
Unlimited book budget",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=35f76c09f39293ae&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c4033076ef32923&assa=5932,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=35f76c09f39293ae&fccid=bb33996a45f47d81&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
23,author,Indeed,p_98f12146fd9eb099,Clinical Research and Development Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Amsterdam, Rixensart, Wavre, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Jan 14 2021

Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to protect people from infectious diseases? If so, this Clinical Research & Development Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As a Clinical Research & Development Lead, you will participate to Phase I-IV Clinical Development activities within a program or group of related programs within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all clinical data that will allow world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical development plan, good clinical practices (GCP), and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following:
1. Participate in Clinical Development activities for a study or a number of studies within a specific program or group of related programs - Design clinical trial protocols, and author clinical study reports and publications of high scientific, operational and ethical standards; Ensure consistency of data within program and across projects; Reporting full accountability to Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead.
2. Bear primary responsibility and accountability for scientific, medical quality, medical/legal and human safety aspects and timeliness of clinical trial synopses and protocols and all clinical trial documents, including the Investigator’s Brochure and the Clinical Study Report.
3. Supervise the study conduct and serve as the accountable for the overall delivery of the clinical trial, analyze and interpret the results as a subject matter expert and assure that results meet the highest standards of quality and ethical conduct.
4. Serve as a scientific and management reference for the project (internally/externally), assuming accountability for the medical/legal and human safety aspects of the clinical study
5. As a member of the Clinical Project Team, always actively participate and engage within the project matrix, to achieve team objectives
6. Actively participate in preparing the clinical portion of the regulatory files and the registration process, including labelling
7. Provides support to Marketing/Business Development throughout product life cycle in order to achieve Company’s objectives
8.Collect scientific information and review GSK Vaccines project related documents and publications.
Why YOU?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PhD specializing in the field of pediatrics, obstetrics and gynecology, infectious diseases, clinical epidemiology, or pharmacoepidemiology. Previous experience in clinical vaccinology is an asset.
Minimum 1 year industry experience or minimum 5 years experience working in a scientific or medical institution (if not an MD, prior experience as Principal Investigator, Medical Monitor or commensurate to Clinical Research Scientist position)
Excellent knowledge of spoken and written English
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of vaccines and clinical research into business-driven strategies.
Understanding of GCP and ICH guidelines; experience working with Regulatory functions a plus.
Ability to work well within a matrix environment, balance priorities, and independently handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, organization skills.
Ability to critically analyze information, identify strengths and weaknesses of approaches and proactively develop remedial actions to mitigate risks.
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards and a commitment to excellence.
Knowledge and understanding of vaccines, clinical research, and biomedical research regulation
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Strategic thinking skills and achievement oriented.
Needs to possess highly effective communication skills and be capable of presenting ideas and data clearly to various audiences.
Working knowledge and understanding of causes of infectious diseases, health interventions and the global public health landscape.
Sensitivity to the needs of a diversified ethnic groups and ability to build rapport across the spectrum
License to practice medicine and board and/ or professional certification is an asset
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally
Developing people and building a talent pipeline
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=98f12146fd9eb099&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e175ec56ac79e8&assa=6679,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=98f12146fd9eb099&fccid=4e42ec53f4b93e02&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
24,author,Indeed,pj_bcf7620ea5989bdb,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,-1,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BgUIaRXkJh15whefO6-KmaTgPW6-y9js7QA0viHQ1XT3PejMAY6Mp7SN04nn-7F2LfjSFlcV7FzKH3wPK3Uu_xyj6eqHe0OHSFgiwj7xPbhUaKADOyJGExUi82roT6D1I5Rvm-Em-JSrwhXxdDkeU5OZ5XRR7rn-SLScnPUvRVyS_tm1ELe1e0LJ0fREgjeD87f38VtzAK07oyvwmHp4VrFpSt7HX6L67hC9oeyCwiaKwDYZPNdsrRueQmEkWIOzKvAQJH8DVYU70ZzK4H2SjJffCVAHHu-aNyAoNmKDyVzdo7z9FOhf51L3vwn6V_J8lext4L1BhoAUOwKsdvKKKRbET4J2E0urFjajl8WOSE-tqeiaW24KZqR_NFvutNumJtofAj-tgaKLohEceWyiRalFsgBxMWm058M9IFRY1MvsPu4PN35g8PxBVGaVCH4uNvIgn2Rgv5y7l6MgYXkQNNSA1o8iqEtCemM7ZtJb4bPtogpPwVkWZpyqIXc9QKrFxdtzdOak0kfg==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
25,author,Indeed,p_88150db1ec42a131,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=88150db1ec42a131&fccid=50f94ca13dc65073&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
26,author,Indeed,p_b99f1264fc9a40b3,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b99f1264fc9a40b3&fccid=d652ec0cec2089cc&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
27,author,Indeed,pj_ac835cab4a61bee8,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Br9Jn0n-9lL-KuX2NkXt9g2eIzDwrC5RwAnAq9S41qR99NTxTrhDAM-MoViCJsG7jnlYSzXbtf8a4zfPow1eX1SR2cPXz-m6y76fSJnDrmx4tBhkuDijbycYGLJ2MvlD-g6964pYu_pD37XYiMGxIhDElc_f2pL4K9n16w3_Qub2OrG-z5a6W-pWnGc7OnQ3uAl31zVWqno96qoDdy9-fksGcAU77h-chwGLWzfp1oCsxqDLGzb3TqwIHPj4okEHmY1FaHVdAG_gClXSCD3CZAzGf1LMCKg_OJKQhrytIV35eTTY1Cdxn6BcoASMhCDRMCHyQCCO8LKu8PNlzpddyjVUL3syIH-JEzLDHvaYAsWU9E3iizmYBb1IrkpcMByFQP1B3ARbl-nA4AfCLAI8ySIckEf7xLPlhq_pplYbEN_oYGZkb3ag6CyimVN2Netpbwz15zLPzIXgxTQE7tF53u80NUVgKyDSaache77TFZRBEOzALtL3WJDdTrBFZxUVhnPKXZnRAWTbFA5ofNLr-SCI7rSeybZa1qUxUUzqReic0mrOVD_PVDB9C7Dn3rmErCVZQcwqopwpnBecueJFqdU0RyPsCrvekII-C2nx4Oc5NVa5xhHDQlssmdAIPMHfqkkvPmEaOGIqnIECwA1UUhKw9rD0nmxA4MVnIYnFcJUw==&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,construction,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,F,0.125,0.875,0.47619047619047616,0.5297619047619048,Male,Mixed Age
28,author,Indeed,p_77d124e53a5621f2,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=77d124e53a5621f2&fccid=69da9f7a347ebb4e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
29,author,Indeed,p_4352a11b5e7e4222,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4352a11b5e7e4222&fccid=4cc365ff7aea7fd6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
30,author,Indeed,p_795c7c61bc4af273,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=795c7c61bc4af273&fccid=5ed3d6e8b04e853e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
31,author,Indeed,p_c75fe9e281203485,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c75fe9e281203485&fccid=4e42ec53f4b93e02&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
32,author,Indeed,p_586efaf14bb2f1e6,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=586efaf14bb2f1e6&fccid=15c79e91d5f1fa12&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
33,author,Indeed,p_1ab0fb49728d6e89,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1ab0fb49728d6e89&fccid=f3433a507ce87736&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
34,author,Indeed,pj_a643fc9a1b5a95d9,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AIvxgfZlZPhMMof6OESzYg65rUk49dxrmsodbKew5kKQmOFWjcBkasuNtMlEETpxn9teJHrNdJlIFotafofb5mKHWKrW7NlT3f8k9qAQUHpEJtG5vlbqHwxH_2dO3Tuzgp5A2UKaoyMIB9kSR5FO5U2lGGbW25BIGBh3fvqYlOe3DGYRqLr1UWmujuqqIX7qGAigRuJ68ehnTK6fLb6XFcWO5Sx4dYjItOhcgxEUcGgj02CZrb635e20EA7LDpWwjL5bYvr3ptfiHczl96s9WuglwXyuLCWb5h2i3SQTlEzL36dgMWD_swA7BT-TLZ0xOAEiZ0cEBwIWEbZqp-85RrVkpTVk6epJLBhkP7YzpAF8FVHFiCNwv2zBrrffWpsvUdP2FVIHiEQv2KYAHXzHqWBqcjqChYXa9Pph4gFyzZi2hCCLNLXtAHkF_63SHmDV9SofqLQoWPosugjMcKDbXHJa9o4menulihN1lXArlxZAAE1nd0KWpQWw5Ge076SAakJnIb8E_8-c5OJ1m-_cacbYEgXSmmedTy5cnYIUpwGT4WGknl49Hx4dZVrO2OuJrgUitiSgQ3jd9wkQmCWketmqDrEzSIKnb4SDMxVq5jvHHIaRg-VKnrGOGYhNrJFaQ9p9z1o6BDJaNI5ZRHZ3Nse_2Sgo1fe8bw9_EQl7I0ualLa3txp9jtjnZQq3hksoDKkffpANqC2SIUfQ499PBHgvzlbww8qsLhRzJNsBJJZSrM-lLxNerVtuabgAUVloFQ3Cgw6CJS6tLZFld3vUUNDxvXy2Szdzs1-yyOCFsiltVghOv5GyVGu0SMAhQEqEk=&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
35,author,Indeed,p_e23083628219e4ff,Clinical Specialist/ Medical Writer (Manager / Life Sciences industry),Medical Brands BV, Amsterdam,"We welcome you to join us as Project Manager, Clinical Evaluation Specialist and Medical Writer for substance based Medical Devices.Medical Brands is the leading expert in self-care Medical Devices. We design, develop and manufacture innovative self-care products for global pharmaceutical companies. Our products empower users across 5 continents to take control of their health without doctor intervention.The product development process brings together the formulation of proprietary ingredients and medical applicators to deliver user-centric treatments supported by clinical substantiation and intellectual property.With the upcoming Medical Device Regulation taking effect, the robustness of clinical data is a hot topic. To strengthen our Research and Development team we are looking for a Clinical Evaluation Specialist / Medical Writer that can develop and execute the clinical strategy within the framework of the new regulation. An entrepreneurial individual with expertise in clinical evaluation and investigation, that can lead a small cross-functional R&D team in the product development process.Job descriptionThe primary role is to ensure compliance of the clinical development plans with the Medical Device Regulation, including gap analysis of existing data and strategy for new product developments. This will entail the end-to-end management of clinical trials and authoring of clinical evaluation reports (CERs) per MDR 2017/745 and MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev 4, as well as post market clinical follow-up plans and CER updates to maintain EU product conformance.Key responsibilitiesPerform comprehensive literature searches to develop in-depth knowledge and understanding of current scientific literature required to support identified product lines and related clinical studies and stay informed about applicable clinical landscapes and trends.Combine an understanding of scientific and research methodology, medical device regulations and guidelines, and product knowledge to support Regulatory Affairs submissions for CE marking of new devices and maintaining CE marks for existing devices.Extracts data from included studies, interpret study results, synthesizes literature, and prepares summaries into formal reports.Organizes clinical data from literature into references, graphics, tables, and data listingsPrepare regulatory documents and responses to regulatory authorities, specifically working on Clinical Evaluation Reports (CERs)Manage CER timelines required by product development teams and global regulatory bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.Communicates with cross-functional business partners such as Medical Directors, Post Market Surveillance, Design Quality Engineers, and Regulatory Affairs relating to the CER process to identify the necessary clinical and technical information for the assigned project.Ensure documents are produced per procedures, internal and external guidelines, and electronic templatesMay author protocols and routine clinical study progress reports.Desired technical skills and experienceMaster’s degree required, preferably with a scientific emphasis.PhD preferred or 5 years of documented scientific/research experience.Preferred 2 years experience in clinical evaluation report writing (CER) in the medical device industry or pharma.Experience writing study protocols and final study reportsTraining and degree in science, engineering, or medical fields. Scientific/research background (i.e., understands research design, methodology, and statistics).Preferred working knowledge of MEDDEV 2.7/1 Rev 4, MDD, and EU MDR 2017/745.Preferred working knowledge of ISO 13485 and ISO 14155.Working knowledge of biomedical databases (i.e., Pubmed, Embase).Preferred thorough understanding of the National Library of Medicine’s Medical Subject Headings (MeSH).Proficient in document development and management software skills: Word/ Excel/ PowerPoint.Desired personal skillsThis position requires a hands-on professional who is detail-oriented with an ability to prioritize, plan and organize. A quick-learning team player with excellent and effective problem-solving skills and the skills to manage both internal cross-functional teams as well as external contract research organizations to meet project deadlines.We offer youA professional and challenging environment;An opportunity to make a notable impact on health products all over the globe;A competitive salary package incl. pension plan;A holiday allowance of 28 days per year;A healthy work-life balance.Why joinMedical Brands is a dynamic, fast growing company working with the best of the pharmaceutical industry. You will gain experience with product development in a strict regulatory environment; at the same time you are working in an entrepreneurial organization in a team of enthusiastic young professionals that have the mentality of work hard, play hard. If this sounds like you, contact us and let’s talk!Job Types: Contract, PermanentExperience:Biomedical, Life Sciences industry: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Required)Location:Amsterdam (Preferred)Language:English level C2 (Required)Work Remotely:No",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e23083628219e4ff&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
36,author,Indeed,p_3928236bb4030fd3,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&fccid=30becc45a153a483&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
37,author,Indeed,pj_86f0ca86c8b6242c,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DGWbMxlqSnT1fiijd83xEf-YAaxqSlo08xiEbCyqV61bonpf0d4kx_L-7tMShhUKXReXagbgkIm9cekaqv33SkYJswZgJ9u4NldYQ7DWDflpnsgSLP8nwuVrVuB89ScxA4dnk99MPPY5r5rDqIlln1wh1uN85QOQUR-LEg2xUU5dz522S6Obr1L9l4mieQUQvszpVjU-E7dAXF5-pP7WzY6ATIc_f5r5O3BAhtgMturyma50gT6sr_8gVBJJKN-9MAxrO6bpQ8XadJvVzq3EcEwRviiWus-RXsjKZJt99bkGkH2A60PQ7HSRPqx7y7Ic-XVgi-G90TK5pZOu9p_kh3y04G8u-xjStow_1gZ83WuPQ1hJY2vdDKTquMzxHOJ-UAz3qWnk7JBGGEHOiwM1Qaodb2Nsi6tzAD1X4JKXoB2eASbYZRuUYeJwuJuvoZyhprs_WYfBdCjARw-2_Sq4qg_7koh_CKj4CGZFwJGrlxiNHU4lVHa0ErI7fHh9CkF3NJgCRSKPQhb7srg6AxRt9S6B1Nb7GcyyPhseK2T3JiPyBPJ3KLOoYpHCjBAsxR3Izz7u9_9qXN4R-hDxt1ftKj3mqQk8ZMEQMeV1s3CIK99XLpdxp0MkPagLw5npjtYWKWqUtpJc7btAamih_Q1uKMkBYoGNgCVSgRTsdcfBVuHaTm2MdLOODTMuSvb5kHOdRWdxYlBfxgnDcKW5FnuDWkunsQ_miFqX91ZEc53QIHVtmdw_ZsIR-XoboF2m35DaOBWy_UEEMDhk8kPqc6OV7Yy-0d0TtVp4ZMiUwCFiCbOlsE00BJ4sHz7KPw5GfhkHqbtzB10QXbSPr8nCQMr9hnv804AxJevXpCPx5CJPQHI2FWKPbBD0k70NjfC6M4KD77oUmOrEeGuNWcSxgdg1KIILLGgcJtp8jJbwaGsoMcg0gSq_f7SlUqg6_8taJFvJX4DXrT1OXhZSEP_91G-Lw1JCSuYjD9_ATSZEJYPLPwd6py5-zKWqOwI66mRBnwfP-TGK2-7TW1Ono73O1VzuMQEF_dVCXzb1g7INooT_iaZcA3vHF2npbtnYyVgPJr9HCCkdFOSISrig==&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
38,author,Indeed,p_932a5a6f4ca9f7cf,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=932a5a6f4ca9f7cf&fccid=ad0324a10541f4ff&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
39,author,Indeed,p_795c7c61bc4af273,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=795c7c61bc4af273&fccid=5ed3d6e8b04e853e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
40,author,Indeed,p_6aaba2beb5b2f6ca,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6aaba2beb5b2f6ca&fccid=eb26fc835559d2fa&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
41,author,Indeed,p_1ab0fb49728d6e89,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1ab0fb49728d6e89&fccid=f3433a507ce87736&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
42,author,Indeed,p_e23083628219e4ff,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e23083628219e4ff&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
43,author,Indeed,p_dc94f634b1f2bdc6,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dc94f634b1f2bdc6&fccid=f0ba227ba5c9c8b1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
44,author,Indeed,p_77d124e53a5621f2,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=77d124e53a5621f2&fccid=69da9f7a347ebb4e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
45,author,Indeed,p_e8774989e48e30cd,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e8774989e48e30cd&fccid=da8c04a04ada5aa3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
46,author,Indeed,p_9d84b102995ed142,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9d84b102995ed142&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
47,author,Indeed,p_d4049a3a539b7756,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&fccid=532afac41b2663f7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
48,author,Indeed,pj_a643fc9a1b5a95d9,"Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development",Kyowa Kirin International plc, Amsterdam,"WE PUSH THE BOUNDARIES OF MEDICINE.

LEAPING FORWARD TO MAKE PEOPLE SMILE

Everything we do at KKI, is rooted in the idea of leaping forward to make people smile. We are committed to innovation, for the benefit of the patients who count on us to support them. From medicines for rare and underserved diseases, to the support families need when facing a life-changing diagnosis – our team is proud of all we deliver, but also humble in knowing how much more needs to be done. By listening to patient stories, we gain a better understanding of the obstacles patients and their families face – so we can work to better meet their unique needs. The real proof of our impact is in the smiles we see on patients’ faces, when we have helped answer a need, or improved their well-being through our work. While the journey is not easy, it is one that is filled with purpose.


Associate Director Regulatory Affairs, Development

Kyowa Kirin Pharma B.V. Amsterdam

Netherlands


This role can be based in any location of the UK or Netherlands, but must be able to visit one of our Galashiels, Amsterdam or Marlow offices when required.

We are looking for an experienced Regulatory Affairs Professional with strong Development experience, to join our growing team and work with our Oncology products in development phase. It is a great time to join us at Kyowa Kirin in our small but growing Development Regulatory Team. You will be the Regional Regulatory Lead for Oncology, representing the EMEA Development team at Global Project meetings, in this highly visible business critical role.

With experience of PIPs and Orphan Drugs, this role will allow you to use your creativity in looking at alternative methods and new solutions in working with our Oncology portfolio from a Regulatory perspective.

Summary of the job

Provide regulatory leadership, strategy and tactical support for assigned investigational projects; represent Regulatory Affairs on EMEA project development teams and management committees; remain current on regulatory requirements for relevant countries, particularly EU; demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead multiple tasks.


RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and create global regulatory strategies for multiple clinical development projects at all stages (Phase I through market authorisation).
Author and / or review regulatory documents for submission to EU and/or other Rest of World regulatory agencies in support of formal meetings with health authorities and major applications (INDs / CTAs, NDAs / BLAs, MAAs, orphan, etc.
Provide leadership and strategic input to the Filing Submission Team and lead other project sub-teams, as assigned.
Lead the preparation for and conduct of formal meetings with regulatory health authorities including the review of applications and negotiations with Health Authorities.
Provide on project teams or management committees regulatory expertise/ advice on requirements for pre-clinical and clinical disciplines, as well as companion diagnostics, in support of drug candidates under development either.
Create and maintain Regulatory Strategic Development plans and provide strategic input to global project development plans.
Identify and escalate potential Regulatory issues to executive management and propose risk evaluations and mitigation strategies.
Manage regulatory timelines, interactions, and regulatory-specific study activities with CRO organisations as needed.
Research regulatory requirements to support submissions or inquiries from functional groups.
Remain current on changes in regulatory requirements and environment and be a resource to functional groups for regulatory information.
Prepare and review SOPs / WIs to achieve consistency in regulatory standards and compliance.
Assure that all aspects of the Company’s regulatory activities are conducted in full compliance with applicable regulations and at the highest level of ethical standards.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Education

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant scientific discipline. Master’s or an advanced degree (PhD, Pharm D, MD) is preferred.

Experience

Strong, proven Development Regulatory Affairs experience, including the leading of Health Authority meetings and submission of marketing applications in the EU, US, or both.
PIPs and Orphan Drug experience


BENEFITS:

In return for your talent, we will provide support through smart working, adopting best practice, deploying the latest technology and ongoing personal development. Plus:

Competitive salary
Bonus
Pension scheme


To meet the expectations of our patients and to truly deliver on our Commitment to Life, we are continually looking for people who embrace this spirit. We are committed to providing a culture that offers both inspiration and reward – in terms of compensation and in work satisfaction. And in turn, we want people who’ll bring their unique ideas and diverse approaches, while also aligning to our ultimate goal of making people smile. If this sounds like a company that aligns with your values, we’d love for you to join us in our efforts.

kyowakirin.com/careers

Kyowa Kirin International is an equal opportunities employer.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3928236bb4030fd3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3350a2b5e1e96213&assa=3085,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AIvxgfZlZPhMMof6OESzYg65rUk49dxrmsodbKew5kKQmOFWjcBkasuNtMlEETpxn9teJHrNdJlIFotafofb5mKHWKrW7NlT3f8k9qAQUHpEJtG5vlbqHwxH_2dO3Tuzgp5A2UKaoyMIB9kSR5FO5U2lGGbW25BIF6mdO8gmQUhm2a6qhdwCdN3gSH5tRNZb_YvIpFPDieSPrh4dzk_IuSbSVpRmI3GNJxiPAKXZB3YI1PGNejXgBbMpuxXAwfGfkIARKuG3y6L_3NTcj7BZCA5LLuQCPk-bbYNDchjl7odgGPA4mOIe5shdVpEeJ4L40D6VLKqXPIS0iBvBo9AdyOrA4ye2WUS7guEHyC4jvboEs-i-oF9WBh5dNdGeyDC2mDScIP4duj3DXpJAWFUvGkyn2ybdM6yO3UV_AjLRBL4ScMPK4naIQd4NJgzyaRkFVLMvEZitITVG6eXtSfbw8kmGULRugOSADKW--CBmE0tYkiXinE_yCPNg5IlQ2WBDfzUEh1SwXoghGTIa-CyDx0cOpMU4ftEqqqXzsRnUblnUpj65tA7vzprJVU2X_GPGvjvTqyefHDFaqJMyxkL-il5YrImOOFLHbO08ZKiS8VlY6oA6iz1aOSFkfEU64FFVfiAhv2l8xp1N7XLhX65YzdIqtH8b_hKjtHrZsCVAnEQJzE9_0ehzhMMG9Ow1pD7_H8gUlOxW0firFfzLasd28Fkzbd9xcAmK_CjxySUkIjwM5Mz1UKmWfXowxQPm7amqGiF3GalzBzSC73_aAD3hEHgpoZVpSYvJ7Qo8pVIVzNjNVDD7y5XHFjsDK9zvBhb8Q=&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
49,author,Indeed,p_d4049a3a539b7756,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&fccid=532afac41b2663f7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
50,author,Indeed,p_6513025483cb4de1,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6513025483cb4de1&fccid=da8c04a04ada5aa3&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
51,author,Indeed,p_c66e51db3b0af93a,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c66e51db3b0af93a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
52,author,Indeed,pj_a643fc9a1b5a95d9,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AIvxgfZlZPhMMof6OESzYg65rUk49dxrmsodbKew5kKQmOFWjcBkasuNtMlEETpxn9teJHrNdJlIFotafofb5mKHWKrW7NlT3f8k9qAQUHpEJtG5vlbqHwxH_2dO3Tuzgp5A2UKaoyMIB9kSR5FO5U2lGGbW25BIH-adeop8zz2f6ZM_lsKquM5jb1Sel09mHJrihGNXpmK6fFeFh1c10wxcimTtC5qLR8mjtF5G-j2BbY55NNSuJzjRWBg6uw-Sg1O1QZH91KmYRHXF46_bT8nVsOEV_iqfd3FFTGfwgY-8ICUOXynpj14oI1UUZ8KkgiJqFTq1sKhlTvd2XrE5JEgBBjkkwp7d8IsckBKWtUMvQkoWJ_Bc5dmrKLVf8quRxhSepwKvnJH7LpLE1wgWjiYeFAFbE0l4JqBcskEHx4dJ64QmhnDrvcktCvyDrfO_j3bKzwTliDoLAJZ3XlcqJFWA0z7dg51Vl-c890tZhFa-ason5Khi2W872Uqcfh5E61xMucabOZxAAxVpe3IBxpv-SNVEFEuBI-F06Wk-d2R28pbyUkKBe-GzeZzu1mCcUKHwTx7OC-PCrecwkVG5lKnbcmAuycKfZta28PLQJKi3JVp6suJpaVTCfj6sRKH2VElN_qK-xzO7md7YDKmVpQwHrcjOpeVBvCBRFtNORJ4B74wC95_820lXpHpn472RB2AcGIzBj_2pSyovjoLGh9Jf1WefF5kum7LDne57HqQwc7TLv-HzyZQ-uar-CG9j__dXRjZRlUM9WaOOl4oeI7sQBq-DFKAn99WrxQbmRxMkNltOA8s_8s4RYxUeTA6Lc=&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
53,author,Indeed,p_0b806fd703fba6d5,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0b806fd703fba6d5&fccid=f7c7d52450f5eba7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
54,author,Indeed,p_4d623e90c1d48b39,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4d623e90c1d48b39&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
55,author,Indeed,p_e5000d3b0feae94a,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e5000d3b0feae94a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
56,author,Indeed,p_9968051b89e26251,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9968051b89e26251&fccid=4495029348c903fd&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
57,author,Indeed,p_a04322c66cf644ad,Sitecore Solution Architect,EPAM Systems, Hoofddorp,"EPAM is looking to hire a talented Sitecore Solution Architect who can drive technical implementations and lead on new and exciting client projects.

In this role you will be working with some of the most experienced teams and leaders within EPAM.
We are a global Sitecore Platinum Partner, with our solutions winning 11 Sitecore Experience Awards over the years. Our Sitecore teams and implementations are very well recognised in the industry.

Sitecore at EPAM at a glance:
Global Sitecore Platinum PartnerWe have won 11 Sitecore Experience AwardsWe have 13 Sitecore MVPs750+ trained Sitecore professionals100+ customers150+ successful projects
Responsibilities
Be in charge of the technical implementation of Sitecore-based solutions
Create architectural design for web solutions and produce high-quality solution architecture artifacts
Lead pre-sales engagements as a senior technologist
Create proofs of concept
Provide Level of Effort (LOE) estimates
Build close consultative client-facing relationships throughout the project lifecycle from a personal and technical perspective
Author, as well as review client-facing documentation
Lead and contribute to internal technical and best practice documentation
Author technical designs involving complex integrations and intense web traffic
Supervise difficult and complex development tasks and processes
Adhere to established team and company-wide standards in solution architecture design and Sitecore delivery
Requirements
Solid experience in a Sitecore Architect or Sitecore Tech Lead role
Strong experience in delivering Sitecore solutions
Experience in leading technical teams
Experience with pre-sales activities and being in client-facing roles
Strong experience in .NET/ASP.NET MVC
Experience in headless/JSS solutions is a big plus
Experience in Sitecore Content Hub is a big plus
Strong presentation skills
Able to gain trust with clients and take their projects to the next level
Able to work with and build strong relationships with EPAM's nearshore teams
Strong communication skills – both written and verbal
Looking to work on large-scale and complex projects for customers in a variety of industries – both locally and across Europe
We offer
Competitive Compensation
26 paid holiday days
Commuting to work- costs reimbursement
Option to participate in our Pension Plan scheme OR Health insurance Compensation
Discretionary Performance Based bonus
Laptop + Corporate Simcard
Annual Salary Review
Trainings, Internal Education and Dutch Language Courses
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Relocation Package
Regular Corporate and Social Events
The opportunity to be part of a diverse and multicultural company",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d4049a3a539b7756&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e9e1a74961e79d89&assa=846,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a04322c66cf644ad&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-03,en,No,Yes,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
58,author,Indeed,p_8ab9ba06b30a9867,Machine Learning Engineer,Magno IT, Amsterdam,"Are you a Machine Learning Engineer and e ager to consider a new contract position in Amsterdam area ?
*remote working applicable till further notice
Initial contract for 6 months with the intention to be a permanent employee after that
Start date: ASAP
Location: Amsterdam area
Focus of the position
As a Machine Learning Engineer , you will be working with our business units on developing services that analyze, annotate and structure content found in scientific articles. We want to develop automated text classification and entity linking targeting specific problems in scientific manuscript structuring, author and reference identification. Ultimately, machine learning tools may suggest annotations and structured meta-data that are as good as human- generated data and even replace human annotations. Our solutions depend heavily on concept indexing or annotation, relationship extraction, extracting data from formatted text, images, mathematical expressions and tables. As a Machine Learning Scientist, you will have experience solving content analysis problems using supervised or unsupervised machine learning methodologies, you know of the state-of-the-art tooling in processing textual content at a large scale and be familiar with analyzing image data. You have a good understanding of the current Machine Learning libraries and have used at least some of them, solving real life problems. You are a hands-on person that does not care about Java or Python but about the right approach to the problem.
Main Activities and Responsibilities
· understand and use computer science fundamentals, including data structures, algorithms, computability and complexity and computer architecture
· produce project outcomes and isolate the issues that need to be resolved, in order to make programmes more effective
· collaborate with data engineers to build data and model pipelines
· manage the infrastructure and data pipelines needed to bring code to production
· demonstrate end-to-end understanding of applications (including, but not limited to, the machine learning and NLP algorithms) being created
· improve algorithms based on statistical modelling procedures and maintain scalable machine learning solutions in production
· build optimization strategy to improve the performance of machine learning models in production
· communicate and explain complex processes to people who are not machine learning or NLP expert
· liaise with stakeholders to analyse business problems, clarify requirements and define the scope of the resolution needed
· liaise with data scientists, engineers and developers to identify, analyze and support in resolution of machine learning models in production
· research and implement best practices to improve the existing machine learning infrastructure
· provide support to engineers and product managers in implementing machine learning in the product
· writing code in Java , Python and maintaining Maven archetype
Qualifications and Experience
· Bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, or a related field.
· Master's degree in computational linguistics, data analytics, or similar will be advantageous.
· At least two years' experience as a machine learning engineer.
· Advanced proficiency with Python and Java coding.
· K nowledge of machine learning frameworks, libraries, data structures, data modeling, and software architecture.
· In-depth knowledge of mathematics, statistics, and algorithms.
· Superb analytical and problem-solving abilities.
· Great communication and collaboration skills.
· Excellent time management and organizational abilities.
MUST HAVE
· Python 2.7 or newer. 2-3 years minimum practical experience in industry
· Experience of using Jira and working in an Agile Environment
· Experience of using Git
D esirable Additional Skills
· AWS Certification is a plus
· Experience in building machine learning models is a plus
· experience in operationalization of machine learning model is a plus
· experience with docker/ Kubernetes / APIs is a plus
· Working with Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing
· Working with Docker, including building and maintaining containers
· Experience of working with CICD pipelines
· Experience of writing code in Java and using Maven
· Experience of working in Unix environments, and writing shell scripts
Does this role spark your interest? Then please provide me with your most recent resume and contact details, so that we can discuss this vacancy more detailed by phone.
rosi@magno-it.nl +31640297385",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8ab9ba06b30a9867&fccid=137b20b742cbfe2b&vjs=3,26 dagen geleden,26 dagen geleden,2021-04-05,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
59,author,Indeed,p_c496c0ddffac3e94,Senior Threat Intelligence Analyst,EclecticIQ, Amsterdam Centrum,"This role is preferably based in the Netherlands or the United Kingdom.

As our teams grow, we seek to find a Senior Threat Intelligence Analyst who joins EclecticIQ’s intelligence analyst team on the ground floor of its strategic growth and development. The ideal candidate brings a blend of senior expertise and mentorship instincts as a highly experienced threat intelligence practitioner to the team. As a seasoned author of analytic intelligence products, they conduct original research and produce reports both for customers and publicly as an expert representative of EclecticIQ.
Responsibilities
Conduct threat research at senior level, including publications and briefing at conferences and events on behalf of EclecticIQ;
Lead by example for teammates in a growing team; produce original finished intelligence content based on novel findings;
Regularly perform research, analytic writing, structuring data, and occasional assistance to other business units on intelligence issues;
Build and maintain a professional working relationship across multiple teams in the organization (e.g. Intelligence Operations, Presales, Customer Success, Product Management).
Industry-standard certifications/qualifications (GIAC/GCTI, CREST, etc.); or US/UK intelligence training certificates (e.g. DISAP I/II or professional certificates from the National Intelligence University, Kent School for Intelligence Analysis); or BSc in an international/political relations or intelligence/cybersecurity studies field;
BSc may be substituted by threat research publications as evaluated by hiring managers or at least ten years of experience related to analytic writing for intelligence;
8+ years of experience as a cyber intelligence analyst or cyber threat researcher in a large enterprise, national government or military, and/or vendor capacity working strategic or operational global cyber threat issues;
Structured analytic techniques / analytic writing for intelligence;
Solid familiarity with cognitive biases and avoiding analytic pitfalls;
Open-source research and tooling skills – (ability to identify patterns in events and information from disparate seemingly unrelated sources and use common tools to sort through information);
Rudimentary scripting (e.g., Python, Shell script) and UNIX/Linux CLI competency;
Understanding of theory and application of cyber threat intelligence across government or large enterprise user bases;
Customer empathy (ability to think like the customer);
Strong interest in mentoring others and seeing junior personnel grow;
Excellent English verbal and oral communication skills, paired with strong briefing skills;
Collaborative, adaptable mindset appropriate for startup environment in scale-up stage;
Reverse engineering or malware analysis skills is a plus;
Data mining / data analysis skills (e.g. ELK stack) is an advantage.
Benefits

Working with EclecticIQ means an exceptionally challenging and dynamic industry that has a positive impact on the world. We offer a full-time position with a competitive salary, 24 annual holidays and an appealing education budget. On top of that, we have a hip, home-like working place in the heart of Amsterdam where you can work with the latest technology and solve interesting problems. We are backed by international investors to build the future together!
About EclecticIQ

EclecticIQ is a global threat intelligence, hunting and response technology provider. Its clients are some of the most targeted organizations, globally. To build tomorrow’s defences today, they have to understand the threats against them – and align their efforts and investments to mitigate their risks. EclecticIQ helps governments, large enterprises and service providers manage threat intelligence, create situational awareness and adopt an intelligence-led cybersecurity approach. EclecticIQ extended its focus towards hunting and response with the acquisition of Polylogyx’s endpoint technology in 2020. Founded in 2014, EclecticIQ operates globally with offices across Europe, North America, and via value-add partners.

More info: www.eclecticiq.com

In case of any questions or queries, please reach out to our Talent Management Partner at brenda@eclecticiq.com.

The selection process may include security screening and/or background checks.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c496c0ddffac3e94&fccid=811548d3ad085fc1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-06,en,No,No,"industry (no construction), energy",0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,B,0.20919881305637983,0.7908011869436202,0.5272007912957468,0.47181008902077154,Male,Older
