,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Job Description,Rating,Employment Type,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,Dutch Requirement,English Requirement,Sector,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,public administration,Indeed,pj_21d64b87f4e081e3,Junior – Tax expert – M/F – 32-40 hours per week.,Entrpnr Finance BV, Amsterdam Oost,"So great that you are interested in this vacancy! We are looking for new colleagues to strengthen our team!Who are we? Looking for a challenging job in finance? Then you’re at the right place with Entrpnr!Entrpnr is the most innovative administration office in the Netherlands. From our offices in Zeewolde (Flevoland), Amsterdam and Rotterdam, we assist hundreds of SMEs nationwide (and internationally) with the processing of their financial administration.Our core business consists of the daily processing of financial administration, payroll, filing tax returns and taking care of annual work.We use the most modern software with a strong focus on automation, robotization and real-time access to figures and results.Our team currently consists of about 65 employees. Within our team we have a healthy mix of young enthusiasm, seniority and experience.One-stop-shop for entrepreneurs As an entrepreneur you can have your administration processed anywhere. At Entrpnr we therefore strongly believe in delivering added value.We do this by supporting our customers in multiple areas. It starts, of course, with the provision of tax and business advice. But we also assist our customers in obtaining financing, we support them in legal matters, with HR issues and marketing & sales.As a result, Entrpnr has become a true one-stop shop for entrepreneurs. Within the company this creates a wonderful dynamic and as a team we are continuously working to support our customers even better.Because of this, working at Entrpnr guarantees a very varied job where all employees can use their talents to the fullest for the benefit of our customers.Customer profileEntrpnr has a broad selection of customers. We work both for the small self-employed entrepreneur and for customers with multiple international branches.After a recent acquisition, we are developing ourselves strongly in the Asian market for both the home market and internationally. We have several native speakers from different cultures in our team who can support customers in their own language.We focus for a large part on customers for whom not only our services, but also the technology brings much added value. These are for example, organizations with a large numbers of commercial transactions such as successful web shops, retail and catering companies.For our team in Amsterdam we are urgently looking for:Junior – Tax expert – M/F – 32-40 hours per week. As a junior tax specialist you stand at the beginning of your career and you are looking for an ambitious company in which you can grow with the organization.You are the right-hand of the senior tax expert and you assist the other departments in supporting tax work especially within revenue tax, income tax and corporate taxes.Your work will mainly consist of processing (complex) tax declarations, identifying points for advice and improvement from these declarations, preparatory work for consultancy work and contact with the Tax Office.Who are we looking for? We would like to meet you when you:Have a relevant education at higher professional or university level or when you are already Register Tax Advisor/Consultant.You have work experience within an accounting, administration or tax consultancy firm.You're enterprising and ambitious.You like to stay up-to-date and are eager to constantly expand your own knowledge.You are available between 32 and 40 hours per week.You live within a 25km radius around our office in Rotterdam of Amsterdam.What do we offer? We offer a fun, challenging position in a dynamic and ambitious company. Of course, this function comes with a competitive salary and interesting conditions. Because of our ambition and rapid growth, there are plenty of opportunities for you to grow with us.Our Amsterdam branch is located in trendy IJburg. From our fantastic office building we look out over the marina. The mall is within walking distance as are many restaurants and bars. We offer you a beautiful, inspiring workplace with nice colleagues.The Amsterdam branch has both a strong local and international scope. As a result, we have deliberately created a multicultural team so that we can support clients from all over the world.This creates a wonderful dynamic in which we all share our knowledge and experiences. In short, a wonderful place to kickstart or restart your career!The location is perfectly accessible by car (paid parking) and via public transport. Bus and Tram stop are within walking distance.Interested? Then we would like to receive:A cover letter;Curriculum Vitae with photo;An overview of references with contact information.Job Types: New-Grad, PermanentWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Personal protective equipment provided or requiredSocial distancing guidelines in placeSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BvUiBefYWC9o_wk2k4ApkLtponYD4Z4p-kfyH2wOuWyKKT5MSSsti80aDmcTIqrGRVkpTSX3iwCgqUUawRa-5mVyp2uRyRoycHryivzT594fxDTvnJ2OeERTlHaJFZhGnvk-f77HPJfu14JnKlOa1l3FrOW3Xhp7yJIgRnX3DJn2iJcx54HQlH48YixU6ajQwUT80OWl3zlhQbXlvGsBWWSg1kt7n7Stk3kNX1pidnSR4-IgPI1kdgJ83etOsd72U8PBYXWF9IN4DfWKJ1QX5Y7MlzxMse1OLPyYl0fYUw--EtsJmSSbm993eI7I023d0zVdVGYC1SZ6wbiWQT5rGzGd--UHw8X4SJ4OQX-xlVHvXSgdaAwHQj45OesgRVao1YY0WB6UH6EtQNe7ufo-sdHXwPGsWGRGPl9-jORFEZDObcRC3yjwBTXoj1OYYl1l7SIdcGdItqPvUTmme_E0vidH9rh1Z-D9sRG4HB9OhwpWn8yG3t9QRr&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
1,public administration,Indeed,p_9cebbd9fe1c08a79,"Lead, VAT - EMEA","Under Armour, Inc", Amsterdam,"Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Under Armour Europe B.V. (“Under Armour”) is looking for VAT Lead to oversee VAT compliance for the entire EMEA region. This position serves as a critical accounting role who will manage all aspects of VAT and will guiding Under Armour into the future while helping to manage global VAT filings, day-to-day VAT issues, driving global VAT projects and monitoring the constantly changing VAT legislation. This role will partner closely with the Global Tax team and the Controllership team, external consultants and various internal departments to build efficient processes to ensure compliance with EMEA VAT regulations.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Own all aspects of VAT compliance throughout Europe
Maintain an overview of UA VAT reporting and compliance requirements throughout Europe
Assist in the preparation and review of VAT returns (monthly, bi-monthly, quarterly) for UA EMEA entities
Assist the business in the implementation of new countries from an indirect tax perspective and with the correction of prior issues to ensure UA is recovering and reporting VAT as appropriate
Monitor VAT legislation changes, perform an impact analysis to UA and share information as appropriate throughout the organization
Liaise with other finance and business teams to increase VAT awareness and provide guidance on VAT matters
Provide practical VAT advice and VAT training to finance and business teams
Identify and communicate VAT consequences of business decisions and projects
Ensure VAT requirements are taken into consideration during implementation of
cross-functional projects, e.g. Brexit
Review legal agreements and other documentation in order to determine indirect tax consequences
Identify and implement appropriate processes and internal controls in order to minimize VAT risks
Liaise with the IT team in order to support functioning of the VAT logic within SAP and ARIBA and support the implementation of new solutions
Monitor legislation changes requiring the use of IT, e.g. ‘real-time’ reporting, e-invoicing, SAF-T, digital cash receipts
Lead the implementation of VAT-Add for SAP within EMEA including partnering with IT to ensure it is successfully implemented
Manage VAT audits and inquiries in the European countries as well as relationships with VAT and other tax authorities
Manage relationships and work pro-actively with external consultants (3rd party providers and external auditors)
Maximize automation and minimize manual workarounds in the VAT reporting process
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Proven knowledge of VAT compliance in Europe while living and breathing VAT
Must be hands-on and detail oriented, while being able to see the big picture; a “thinker” and a “doer”
Experience managing VAT reporting and partnering with third party consultants
Flexible to adapt to change
Strong organizational and time management skills supported by defined processes
Strong oral and written English essential, another European language a plus
Enjoys delivering on complex work in a dynamic global operating environment
Positive attitude and dependable team player willing to “roll up their shirt sleeves” to get the work done
High level of attention to detail and ability work independently
Intellectual curiosity and strong analytical skills
Effective writing, presentation and communication skills.
Education And / Or Experience
University degree in Business Administration, Accounting Finance or a related field. Advanced degree is preferred
10+ years of relevant post-professional qualification experience with exposure to international or transactional taxes in a Big 4 public accounting firm and/or a multinational corporation
VAT compliance background including preparation of VAT compliance matters
Proven ability to successfully lead complex projects
Experience working with a tax engine; SAP accounting system experience is a plus
Digital (Ecommerce) experience is a requirement
Other Requirements
Relocation
Under Armour is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to diversity in the workplace. We encourage qualified diverse candidates to apply. Under Armour does not discriminate against any candidate on the basis of race, gender, disability, religion, national origin, age, or any other protected category.
The collection and use of personal data about applicants for employment is essential for conducting the business administration and business operation of Under Armour, Inc. (“Under Armour”) and those of its subsidiaries and affiliates. Under Armour’s overseas subsidiaries in the European Economic Area collect personal data about applicants for employment and may transfer such personal data to Under Armour in the United States in accordance with the terms of its Data Privacy Policy. Full details of Under Armour’s Data Privacy Policy are available at https://careers.underarmour.com. Under Armour has certified that it complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework Principles with respect to safeguarding and transferring personal data it receives about Under Armour employees in the European Union. Further details about the Privacy Shield Framework and the list of certified companies are available at www.privacyshield.gov.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=9cebbd9fe1c08a79&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8b329884546dc5d5&assa=1165,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9cebbd9fe1c08a79&fccid=f5d526c81b4033de&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
2,public administration,Indeed,p_e990728f5bd6ec63,"Corporate Paralegal, EMEA",Atlassian, Amsterdam,"Atlassian is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually due to COVID-19. All new and existing Atlassians will continue to work from home until it’s safe to return to our offices. When our offices re-open, we will provide the choice to work from home or return to work in an office unless a job requirement makes it necessary for a particular role to be performed at an Atlassian office.

Are you a paralegal with strong corporate skills who enjoys managing complex projects, executing quickly and with precision, working with cross-functional teams, and finding creative ways to build structure? Are you excited by a role with lots of responsibility, opportunities to wear different hats, and potential for growth and impact?

We are seeking a paralegal for our dynamic and fun-loving legal team, someone who will be a key teammate as Atlassian continues to grow and scale. As a foundational member of the legal team in Europe, you will have an exciting opportunity to grow the team, and establish the team’s presence, from the ground up!
Your Core Responsibilities Will Include
Public company matters: Work with external auditors and internal accounting team to support international audit processes.
Board and shareholder matters: Help maintain our minute books and corporate records, including for our EMEA entities. Review requests for documentation and attend to various signatures requests.
Subsidiary management: Assist on corporate compliance matters for Atlassian’s various US and international subsidiaries. Help organize subsidiary board and shareholder meetings, help to establish new entities and offices, and work extensively with tax, treasury, other departments, and outside counsel and advisors.
Transactional matters: Assist with due diligence, document preparation and execution, and closing and integration for acquisitions and other corporate transactions.
Cross-functional support/special projects: Assist with routine matters including answering various alias email boxes, managing corporate legal team files (e.g., acquisition documents, employment agreements and forms), and supporting strategic projects involving stock administration, treasury, tax, internal audit, employment/HR, and other teams.
Project management: Work with our Senior Corporate Paralegal to drive progress on corporate team and cross functional corporate projects. Look for opportunities to improve processes that will positively impact the legal team and its counterparts and help us scale. Work on other legal projects as needed, including those outside of EMEA.
On day one we will expect you to have:
2 - 4 years of relevant corporate paralegal experience in EMEA, ideally at a major law firm and/or in-house at a public company.
Ability to execute under pressure and within timelines, with tremendous organization and attention to detail and a strong sense of ownership.
Loves sizing up unstructured or ad hoc situations and working with our Senior Corporate Paralegal to create a strategy to build processes that improve accuracy or efficiency, while remaining flexible and adaptable.
Is able to be diplomatic yet effective in communicating with others and getting stuff done.
Has experience and is comfortable working alongside senior management teams, board members, and outside counsel.
Is a great teammate who is also comfortable working independently with minimal oversight on certain projects and making decisions independently.
Is familiar with Atlassian products and Docusign and/or is excited to learn more about them and put them to use.
Has a healthy sense of humor, with a how-can-I-help, get-it-done attitude.
Fluency in English (proficiency in other languages such as Dutch, German, French, or others, is a bonus).
Atlassian’s Legal Team is a valued and dynamic group. We are viewed as key partners in critical decision-making that impacts the entire company due to our practical and business-oriented advice and solutions. This small but mighty team is highly collaborative and supportive - we truly like working with each other and cheer on our teammates in all endeavors.

More about our benefits

Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.

More about Atlassian

Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team.

Additional Information

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e990728f5bd6ec63&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=58adbea941a78f20&assa=2564,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e990728f5bd6ec63&fccid=e6d4ba9e2cfe7902&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
3,public administration,Indeed,p_7b865d0094e89108,Environmental Initiatives Manager EMEA,Patagonia, Amsterdam,"Your role:

We’re in business to save our home planet. Your role will contribute to this mission by supporting the Environmental Action Initiatives Director EMEA in the creation, management, communication (internally and externally) and successful implementation of the Company’s environmental campaigns and strategic advocacy. The ideal candidate will have a passion for action and making things happen within our environmental mission. At the same time, they need to be able to work within a business environment and with a range of very different internal and external stakeholders.

Key accountabilities:
Assist the Director in finding and shaping campaigns that align with Patagonia’s environmental mission and strategy, that deliver powerful outcomes for our planet and engage our stakeholders and customers.Develop messaging and multi-channel strategies to communicate with and activate our stakeholders and customersProject manage the development and execution of those strategies across channels and across Europe.Play a key role in the launch and ongoing activation of the environmental campaigns. This may include representing the Company at launch events/ activities, communicating launch messaging to key partner groups and maintaining partnership/ collaborative relationships throughout the campaign.Work with the Environmental Action Initiatives Director to develop a content strategy and appropriate content for Patagonia’s marketing teams to educate and engage customers on key environmental issues and to take action in their lives as well as to deepen customers’ understanding of Patagonia’s approach and values.In conjunction with the Sports Marketing Coordinator, develop partnerships with athletes and other content providers who can amplify the environmental messages.Lead employee education and activation for all campaigns and advocacy issues. Develop educational programs and presentations to deliver news and information about our campaigns and ensure employee engagement.In partnership with HR EMEA leader and team, lead initiatives to foster employees’ journey to become agents of change, increasing their personal involvement with our mission statement.Along with the Director, be ready to advocate and represent Patagonia’s position externally to key stakeholders, at stakeholder events as neededPerform research for the Company’s external environmental efforts and ensure that such initiatives are delivering against their objectives.Respond to day-to-day requests, opportunities and urgent needs for political engagement in the environmental sectorRepresent Patagonia as needed with educational institutions.Lead, develop and manage one direct report.

Administrative Responsibilities
Responsible for the project planning and day-to-day administration of the Company’s campaigns and advocacy activities.Ensure that the Company’s campaigns and advocacy activities provide good customer service to non-profit organizations, employees, customers, outdoor industry and the general public.

Inter-Company Responsibilities
Ensure that all campaigns and advocacy activities reflect the philosophy of the Company.Support other departments in the Company in their aims and encourage them to help deliver Patagonia’s environmental aims.

Pre-requisites:

In order to succeed in this role, it is expected that you will be/have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Environmental Studies, Science, Policy or substantial experience working in the environmental movementExperience of developing and delivering successful multi-channel and multinational environmental campaigns
Ability to activate audiences that have different levels of environmental knowledge/engagement.Good influencing and communications skills, able to motivate and manage diverse stakeholders.Excellent project management skills with a good attention to detailIn-depth knowledge about environmental activism in the European context.Effective and inspiring ambassador of the brand, representing the company in external and internal events.Work experience in both businesses and non-profit organizations is a plus.Understanding of political process and experience in shaping public policy is a plus.Experience of employee engagement is a plus.Demonstrated ability to handle controversial issues professionally.Language skills: fluent in English, other languages are a plus.Comfortable with team-based work structure. Hands-on, proactive and flexible attitude.Strong buy-in to the Patagonia business and mission statement.

Patagonia is committed to equal employment opportunities and diversity.

Employee Conduct:

It is the responsibility of every employee to contribute to a positive work environment through cooperative and professional interactions with co-workers, customers and vendors.

Please make sure that your CV and cover letter are in English.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7b865d0094e89108&fccid=69f06fb8b3355907&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
4,public administration,Indeed,p_af65c4a2ab3a9e49,Office Management Intern,BESTSELLER, Amsterdam,"BESTSELLER is an international fashion company with over 15,000 employees all over the world. We have the eCommerce HQ located in Amsterdam ❌❌❌
Together we’re creating a company where we love to work. Why should you join us?
175+ passionate colleagues from across 40 different countries doing what they love
HUGE discounts on all our amazing fashion brands
Brand new office located in the heart of Amsterdam
Medical Insurance provided
Tasty (and free) daily lunch in the office
Flexible public holiday policy
Incredible opportunities for personal growth and development
Lots of responsibility and a real chance to make a lasting impact

TEAM AND ROLE
In this role you will be able to assist with maintaining the office look and feel and reception covers when need. You would be part of the office management team and also part of the PEOPLE & Culture team, a friendly and international team responsible to make our people happy !
REQUIRED SKILLS
Good organizational skills, ability to multi-task, and time management
Affinity towards hospitality, reception covers, and event management
Strong communicator and can-do attitude, proactive, hands-on mentality
Studied hospitality and management, business administration and hotel management, or related field

NICE TO HAVE
Reception experience and hospitality experience
Events experience and office management experience

INTERESTED?
We look forward to hearing from you! Please apply directly using the apply button below or via our website. In case you have any further questions about the role, you are welcome to contact Rachna on rachna.ramanathan@bestseller.com

MORE ABOUT US!

Website - https://about.bestseller.com/jobs/design-your-future/e-commerce

Instagram - @bestseller_ecommerce",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=af65c4a2ab3a9e49&from=vj&sjdu=pmYkClJDQD-XMM4enHc-YC_RU_4AYang1K7jnw6ubNIyueQApK-t-zlZ5qz3oSejwGQypi1y8DL3cJGp--KIjO98Wk0Z9wwvEib1-96FpYtApm5EazIM7_bTvGHBtQYXwobUG50vCZtz1f-Bw3PDA3NNYB5IIlGr-mnBGkFyLBkclHHcl9mUeaMe4qeYUZkY&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=56553ad194e90079&assa=5892,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=af65c4a2ab3a9e49&fccid=701245b9eb1c6517&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
5,public administration,Indeed,p_ace5e5b9e8d8bf46,Head of Customer Due Diligence,LYNX BV, Amsterdam,"A great opportunity to bring the international CDD department of LYNX to the next level by combining your managerial and process-orientated skills, with your knowledge about anti-money laundering and terrorist financing.
“LYNX helps you invest in yourself""
""Working at LYNX means joining the LYNX family""
""The development opportunities make LYNX the best place to work""
This is what the employees say about LYNX and it is exactly what we want to offer: a relaxed and informal work environment where you can get the best out of yourself. At our office in the heart of Amsterdam, we work every day to offer both private and professional clients the best trading opportunities, with a fast, user-friendly, and reliable trading platform.
LYNX is looking for an experienced Head of Customer Due Diligence with an international focus (based in Amsterdam). You will be part of the AML organization in which we have organized all the activities from customer onboarding up to transaction monitoring.
This is what we offer:
This role at LYNX is the perfect opportunity to give your career in the financial world a boost. We offer:
A competitive monthly salary depending on your educational level and work experience a fixed 13th month;
8% holiday allowance;
a discretionary annual bonus based on company results;
pension scheme that is fully paid by LYNX;
lunch from our cook, beverages & fruit;
public transport travel allowance;
home office equipment;
continuous growth potential and a training budget of € 2,000 per year;
trips & activities with your colleagues (of course not many at the moment);
a good working atmosphere in a young team.
What you do as a Head of Customer Due Diligence
You will be responsible for managing internationally the client facing departments that are responsible for managing the entire customer life cycle from onboarding to termination of the relationship.
In this role, you have a focus on business change management and you will work in close cooperation with the Business and Compliance to centralize and align the process and procedures on an international level within an organization.
The Head CDD will be responsible for the daily operational management of the different CDD departments in the different branches. In this role, you will be able to define priorities in the daily workload of the teams whilst considering the AML/ CTF risks. The role is unique and offers a challenging opportunity to join a young and international organization to expand its activities in the future.
Your team consists out of approximately 4 Team Leaders across the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, and the Czech Republic. The Team Leads are responsible for coaching and managing the local CDD Analysts. You will report to the COO.
This is you:
You have extensive (at least 7-10 years) experience with managing client-facing departments;
You have a university degree (such as Business Administration, Economics), or equivalent extensive working experience;
You understand investment companies and have professional knowledge of AML/ CTF risks, the related processes, technology, and developments in this area;
You have affinity or interest in optimization of KYC/CDD processes through digitalization and automation;
You are fluent in English and Dutch (verbally and in writing);
You are a good communicator, being able to convey complex messages in a simple way to bring adherence to “why” change is required to achieve effective management of AML/ CTF risks;
You have extensive experience with stakeholder management;
You have excellent management skills; you discuss the strategic goals, mission, and vision with your team members and the strategic role they play in inspiring their teams;
You are excellent in inspiring and coaching your team members; you encourage them to use their talents and competencies to achieve the organization's goals;
You are confident, process-orientated, result-driven, and seeks to find innovative and new creative solutions for new and existing challenges;
You have organizational sensitivity and decisiveness; you feel comfortable making changes within the organization;
You are willing to travel several times a year.
Apply:
We are looking forward to your application! Please send us your current cv and cover letter in English to Ivanka Kramer (HR specialist). We strive to process your application within a week. The application process consists of two interviews and the interviews will be via Microsoft teams. The first interview will be with HR and the FEC Specialist or Head Transaction Monitoring, and the second interview will be with the Chief Operating Officer and the AML Compliance Officer.
About LYNX
The best choice for anyone who takes investing seriously
LYNX is an online broker established in 2006 that offers execution-only services to investors throughout Europe. Clients of LYNX can trade worldwide in stocks, options, forex, futures, and similar exchange-listed securities and derivatives via the IB platform. The focus of LYNX is in particular on the experienced and more active investor. LYNX has offices in four European cities (Amsterdam, Ghent, Berlin, and Prague), in which more than 60.000 customers are serviced across the Netherlands, Finland, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, France, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland. LYNX is supervised by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority Financial Markets, ‘AFM’) and De Nederlandsche Bank (Dutch Central Bank, ‘DNB’).
For the execution of orders and the holding of an investment account, an agreement stands with Interactive Brokers (IB). IB is a subsidiary of the IBKR Group (a US-based global player in the field of online brokerage), which is listed on NASDAQ and has a market capitalization of around $22 billion. Due to the collaboration with IB, investors can execute their orders against low commissions via a state-of-the-art platform with useful trading tools. The investment services that LYNX provides consist of receiving and forwarding orders to Interactive Brokers (hereinafter ‘IB’). This is referred to as an execution-only service.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ace5e5b9e8d8bf46&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=28927e7e41ccb796&assa=7184,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ace5e5b9e8d8bf46&fccid=286504d52a575665&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
6,public administration,Indeed,p_ce0f66bf8cc8fa3c,Head of Customer Due Diligence,LYNX Amsterdam, Amsterdam Centrum,"A great opportunity to bring the international CDD department of LYNX to the next level by combining your managerial and process-orientated skills, with your knowledge about anti-money laundering and terrorist financing.
“LYNX helps you invest in yourself""
""Working at LYNX means joining the LYNX family""
""The development opportunities make LYNX the best place to work""
This is what the employees say about LYNX and it is exactly what we want to offer: a relaxed and informal work environment where you can get the best out of yourself. At our office in the heart of Amsterdam, we work every day to offer both private and professional clients the best trading opportunities, with a fast, user-friendly, and reliable trading platform.
LYNX is looking for an experienced Head of Customer Due Diligence with an international focus (based in Amsterdam). You will be part of the AML organization in which we have organized all the activities from customer onboarding up to transaction monitoring.
This is what we offer:
This role at LYNX is the perfect opportunity to give your career in the financial world a boost. We offer:
A competitive monthly salary depending on your educational level and work experience a fixed 13th month;
8% holiday allowance;
a discretionary annual bonus based on company results;
pension scheme that is fully paid by LYNX;
lunch from our cook, beverages & fruit;
public transport travel allowance;
home office equipment;
continuous growth potential and a training budget of € 2,000 per year;
trips & activities with your colleagues (of course not many at the moment);
a good working atmosphere in a young team.
What you do as a Head of Customer Due Diligence
You will be responsible for managing internationally the client facing departments that are responsible for managing the entire customer life cycle from onboarding to termination of the relationship.
In this role, you have a focus on business change management and you will work in close cooperation with the Business and Compliance to centralize and align the process and procedures on an international level within an organization.
The Head CDD will be responsible for the daily operational management of the different CDD departments in the different branches. In this role, you will be able to define priorities in the daily workload of the teams whilst considering the AML/ CTF risks. The role is unique and offers a challenging opportunity to join a young and international organization to expand its activities in the future.
Your team consists out of approximately 4 Team Leaders across the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, and the Czech Republic. The Team Leads are responsible for coaching and managing the local CDD Analysts. You will report to the COO.
This is you:
You have extensive (at least 7-10 years) experience with managing client-facing departments;
You have a university degree (such as Business Administration, Economics), or equivalent extensive working experience;
You understand investment companies and have professional knowledge of AML/ CTF risks, the related processes, technology, and developments in this area;
You have affinity or interest in optimization of KYC/CDD processes through digitalization and automation;
You are fluent in English and Dutch (verbally and in writing);
You are a good communicator, being able to convey complex messages in a simple way to bring adherence to “why” change is required to achieve effective management of AML/ CTF risks;
You have extensive experience with stakeholder management;
You have excellent management skills; you discuss the strategic goals, mission, and vision with your team members and the strategic role they play in inspiring their teams;
You are excellent in inspiring and coaching your team members; you encourage them to use their talents and competencies to achieve the organization's goals;
You are confident, process-orientated, result-driven, and seeks to find innovative and new creative solutions for new and existing challenges;
You have organizational sensitivity and decisiveness; you feel comfortable making changes within the organization;
You are willing to travel several times a year.
Apply:
We are looking forward to your application! Please send us your current cv and cover letter in English to Ivanka Kramer (HR specialist). We strive to process your application within a week. The application process consists of two interviews and the interviews will be via Microsoft teams. The first interview will be with HR and the FEC Specialist or Head Transaction Monitoring, and the second interview will be with the Chief Operating Officer and the AML Compliance Officer.
About LYNX
The best choice for anyone who takes investing seriously
LYNX is an online broker established in 2006 that offers execution-only services to investors throughout Europe. Clients of LYNX can trade worldwide in stocks, options, forex, futures, and similar exchange-listed securities and derivatives via the IB platform. The focus of LYNX is in particular on the experienced and more active investor. LYNX has offices in four European cities (Amsterdam, Ghent, Berlin, and Prague), in which more than 60.000 customers are serviced across the Netherlands, Finland, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, France, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland. LYNX is supervised by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority Financial Markets, ‘AFM’) and De Nederlandsche Bank (Dutch Central Bank, ‘DNB’).
For the execution of orders and the holding of an investment account, an agreement stands with Interactive Brokers (IB). IB is a subsidiary of the IBKR Group (a US-based global player in the field of online brokerage), which is listed on NASDAQ and has a market capitalization of around $22 billion. Due to the collaboration with IB, investors can execute their orders against low commissions via a state-of-the-art platform with useful trading tools. The investment services that LYNX provides consist of receiving and forwarding orders to Interactive Brokers Limited (hereinafter ‘IB’). This is referred to as an execution-only service.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ce0f66bf8cc8fa3c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8d3adf78c9b02ec1&assa=8830,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ce0f66bf8cc8fa3c&fccid=7e81c78aba401d62&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
7,public administration,Indeed,p_ee11ff979403a802,Sr. Educational Consultant,Blackboard Inc, Amsterdam,"The Opportunity:
We’re looking for a Senior Educational Consultant to help us push the boundaries of what education can offer through the power of technology. Education is our passion, and our team members bring that to work each day as they aim to advance learning in every region of the world. Blackboard is the world's leading education technology company, providing dynamic products and services to the global education community. We’re focused on driving innovation in EdTech and working with our clients to create a smarter learning environment.
For more information about Blackboard Inc. and our career opportunities, please visit www.blackboard.com.
Blackboard’s Educational Consulting & Training team supports clients in the effective implementation of Blackboard products to support online teaching and learning, ensure successful adoption of our products, and maximize the educational returns on the client's investment. We provide clients with strategic consulting services which include defining requirements and business rules, facilitating application strategy sessions, drafting specifications, identifying implementation strategies and product use cases, providing product training, providing instructional design and course design services, and leading the process that delivers our client systems to the production state. As Senior Educational Consultant, you will play an integral role in the success of the group.
Primary responsibilities will include:
Analyzing client needs and identifying Blackboard products and services that aligns to these needs
Identifying gaps in client skills, processes, or infrastructure
Developing client-specific implementation project plans and timelines
Developing and presenting at meetings with prospects, which will include executive level customer sponsors and Blackboard Collaborate senior leadership
Identifying customer risks, implementing risk mitigation plans, and communicating to senior leadership
Partnering with Sales, Marketing and Product Development to create comprehensive customer solutions
Identifying unique requirements for large and strategic accounts and coordinate with other Blackboard departments to ensure successful delivery
Monitoring, tracking and reporting project status and performance
Conducting meetings with client sponsors and stakeholders
Creating and delivering implementation reports
Managing a portfolio of clients that include strategic, consortia and complex clients
Delivering onsite and remote Blackboard Learn product and best practices training
Delivering strategic e-learning consulting services for a broad range of clients around the topics of course development, course facilitation, faculty development, and implementation
This role requires approximately 60% travel

The Candidate:
Required skills/qualifications:
Master’s degree required in a related field (e.g. education, information technology, business) or equivalent experience
5+ years’ consulting experience, with experience consulting to educational institutions, or experience in management or administration within an educational institution
Proven experience successfully implementing software solutions in diverse client environments
Experience with e-learning course management technology, preferably Blackboard Learn
Demonstrable knowledge of global higher education or public education markets
Strong project management skills, and a proven ability to handle multiple client engagements simultaneously
Demonstrated ability to work in a geographically distributed virtual team environment and to build relationships with internal and external organizations.
Dynamic, creative problem-solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Fluency in written and spoken English
Preferred skills/qualifications:
Previous experience in the education industry and with e-learning technologies
Background in content/knowledge management, digital asset management, as well as with education related technologies
A background in instructional design and/or online learning theory
Ability to deliver services in additional languages other than English

To ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic, Blackboard positions are currently remote (where possible).
This job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities at any time.
Blackboard is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national original, age, religion, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, protected military/veteran status, or any other legally protected factor.
#LI-Remote",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ee11ff979403a802&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=91b34462c297ac9f&assa=139,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ee11ff979403a802&fccid=79d1c29014ea06c2&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
8,public administration,Indeed,p_6c32cc196ac1d060,HR Generalist,Superpedestrian, Amsterdam,"The Human Resource Generalist will manage the daily functions of the Human Resource (HR) department including administering payroll, benefits, time off, and enforcing company policies and practices. The HR Generalist will be a team player, flexible in attitude who will have the ability to maintain the highest degree of confidentiality and diplomacy at all times and be customer service driven with commitment to exceptional quality.

 What you’ll do:
Reviews, tracks, and documents compliance with mandatory and non-mandatory training, continuing education, and work assessments. This may include safety training, anti-harassment training, professional licensure, and aptitude exams and certifications.
Implements new hire orientation and employee recognition programs.
Performs routine tasks required to administer and execute human resource programs including but not limited to compensation, benefits, and leave; disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; performance and talent management; productivity, recognition, and morale; occupational health and safety; and training and development.
Manages employment-related inquiries from applicants, employees, and supervisors, referring complex and/or sensitive matters to the appropriate staff.
Attends and participates in employee disciplinary meetings, terminations, and investigations.
Maintains compliance with local employment laws and regulations, and recommended best practices; reviews policies and practices to maintain compliance.
Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law.
Manage Stakeholder relationships with finance, legal counsel, external payroll providers and local labor law subject matter experts.
Build and manage new people programs and scaling and iterating on current HR processes.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Who you are:
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal, negotiation, and conflict resolution skills.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to prioritize tasks and to delegate them when appropriate.
Ability to act with integrity, professionalism, and confidentiality.
Thorough knowledge of employment-related laws and regulations.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or related software.
Proficiency with or the ability to quickly learn the organization’s HRIS and talent management systems.
Comfortable with public speaking and running training programs.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related field required.
5-7 years of human resource management experience.
Experience with international expansion (has seen massive scale and change management a plus).

Perks:
On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees
Equity in a fast growing company.
A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment.
Powered by JazzHR
UHKOPpALys",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6c32cc196ac1d060&fccid=df984a91cd546eaa&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
9,public administration,Indeed,p_4924209e19253b1f,Chief Operating Officer,Synthesis Retreat, Amsterdam,"Since 2018, Synthesis has been offering legal, medically supervised and science-based psychedelic retreats in Amsterdam for open-minded seekers who want to utilize moderate-to-high doses of psilocybin truffles to catalyze creative breakthroughs, explore consciousness, find meaning, improve confidence, and open up to a mystical experience.

With the FDA designating psilocybin therapy a “breakthrough therapy,” and thereby helping to speed up the process of researching and approving it to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), now a new era is upon us—one in which psychiatrists will be able to legally prescribe psychedelics in the United States.

Deeply rooted in its vision that everyone has access to mental health and wellbeing, Synthesis is uniquely poised to usher in this new era, pioneering as a global leader in advancing research, convening community, educating the public and engaging in activism to promote safe, legal, widespread access to psychedelics.

Standing on its years of experience and reputation for offering world-class psilocybin experiences,

Synthesis is also uniquely qualified to set the standard for practitioners to safely, ethically and effectively support people on a journey for healing using psilocybin.

The Synthesis Institute is an Amsterdam based company. We are accepting candidates globally and will consider candidates willing and able to telecommute.


Position Overview:

We seek a full-time Chief Operating Officer to support and lead the organization's operations and procedures with their multinational enterprise experience. This candidate will align their work with Synthesis’ mission and vision . This candidate will be a key member of the senior management team, reporting to the CEO. The ideal candidate will maintain control of diverse business operations, and is expected to be an experienced and efficient leader. This person must have excellent people skills, business insights, financial understanding, and exemplary work ethics. Candidate will work closely with the leads of all divisions of the organization in order to help streamline communications and make sure teams are working as efficiently as possible with one another. In addition, this candidate must have expert level understanding of how to assist in creating a culture that thrives in an open, honest, and transparent work environment, helping to inspire the team as a whole.

Core Objectives:

Secure the functionality of internal operations to drive extensive and sustainable growth. Have sound knowledge of business strategies, culture, finances, and project management across. Support a team that handles day-to-day administration and operations of business. Provide leadership, management, and vision to ensure that Synthesis has an effective team, operational controls, and administrative and reporting procedures in place. This candidate will help scale transformational psychedelic experiences worldwide and ensure its financial strength and operating efficiency.

Responsibilities:
Help lead Organization’s daily operations
Team up with management to build visionary business strategies
Help spearhead strategies to steer company’s growth in a positive direction
Lead the company’s international operating capabilities
Help implement innovative and best business practices
Delegate responsibilities to ensure growth of organization and projects
Assist in coaching employees to optimize their capabilities
Assess and implement improved processes across the organization’s management team.
Lead employees to encourage maximum performance,dedication, and innovation.
Participate in expansion activities (investments, acquisitions, corporate alliances etc.)

Required Experience:
5+ years of experience in a multinational environment
Proven track record of excellent performance in a team of 50+
Familiar with Open Book Management
Familiar with value-driven organizational models (Quadruple bottom line, teal organizations, B-corp, etc.)
Detailed oriented and organized, creating structure and streamlining processes for maximum effectiveness
Working knowledge of data analysis and performance/operation metrics
Visionary track record
Broad knowledge of modern health care administration practices and principles within a managed care environment and/or an academic medical center
Deep personal experience with altered states
Feels personally inspired by the tremendous potential of psychedelics to positively change our collective healthcare and wellbeing landscape
Familiar with the professional and scientific psychedelic landscape.
Have self-care and inter-personal integrity as a top priority in your personal life
Maintains a daily committed personal (spiritual) practice.
Excellent written and spoken English skills
Proven track record of excellent performance: honest, ethical, and dependable
Effective analytical ability to develop and analyze options, solve complex problems and recommend solutions
Have highly-effective judgment to make sound and responsible decisions and remain grounded under stress
Have the ability to be flexible and possess a willingness to adapt to changing situations and to learn new skills
Experience in strategic planning and helping to ensure the efficient operation and growth of the department
Exceptional boundaries and containment in your leadership style
Ability to lead through frequent changes in duties and volume of work
Inspires confidence, appropriate risk taking and achievement of high standards
Models professionalism: excellent and effective interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work well with people of all ages, backgrounds, etc
Excellent delegation skills
Skilled at de-escalation and conflict management

Highly-Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working in a culturally diverse team.
Experience working in a multinational organization.
Experience in hospitality, healthcare, education, and/or a fast growing start up
Experience with Asana, HubSpot, & Netsuite, or similar

Compensation Package:
Competitive base salary commensurate with experience
Annual performance and salary review",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4924209e19253b1f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=83d4336db05c90e3&assa=3347,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4924209e19253b1f&fccid=10f8c0d67636d5c2&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
10,public administration,Indeed,p_1c679fe6fac7b908,"Coordinator, Public Policy",Netflix, Amsterdam,"Amsterdam, Netherlands
Legal and Public Policy
Netflix is the world's leading streaming entertainment service. With 195 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages, it’s an exciting time to work at Netflix. The Public Policy team at Netflix is based around the globe and proactively manages the company's relationship with government officials and advises the company on regulatory matters. Additionally, the team engages with governments on a variety of issues and initiatives that materially impact our business or our members in hopes of setting Netflix up for success and growth around the world. The EU's Audiovisual Media Services Directive (AVMSD) sets out EU legislation implemented in all EU member states on all audiovisual media where Public policy is engaging with local stakeholders to ensure fair and equitable rules and their application. We are seeking an experienced Coordinator who will be responsible for supporting Public Policy (reporting to EU Media and AVMS Policy position), in the compliance with these rules once put in place whilst also being a key point of support for teams (e.g. legal, content & finance) around the organization.

The successful candidate will have broad responsibility for tracking and coordinating the tactical details of the company’s AVMSD compliance strategy, and will be self-motivated, quick-thinking, flexible and able to juggle multiple and diverse responsibilities with a strong emphasis on organization and an unwavering attention to detail. This is a demanding and fast-paced role that requires curiosity and significant initiative.
The Role:
External routine communication with regulators to ensure timely compliance once the rules and their application are in place.
Overseeing the calendar of all the compliance deadlines and tasks to make sure all the involved teams stay on track for compliance.
Overseeing and preparing individual compliance submissions by sourcing input from all the relevant teams.
Effective understanding of legal documents and the European audiovisual production ecosystem to source, update and coordinate internal teams involved in compliance.
Liaising with all cross-functional teams in legal, content & finance and serving as the go-to point of contact for AVMSD compliance.
Proactively bringing up issues impacting compliance with existing obligations to the relevant teams.
Proactively engage with business content teams to assist decision-making on investments based on existing obligations and financial forecasts
Maintaining flexibility and openness to take on additional projects as necessary.
Organize, log, and maintain accurate data regarding the compliance submissions.
Work closely with engineering teams across the company to help build and test relevant compliance related tools (as needed).
Maintain internal AVMSD documents and prepare summaries of legal research.
Proactively learning about the company’s innovation efforts for AVMSD compliance and updating cross-functional partners.
Qualifications:
Prior experience (5+ years) with regulatory compliance and administration (ideally in the space of media & entertainment regulation on EU or individual country specific level)
Content-related work experience in media and research and data analytic experience positively valued.
Professional written and verbal communication skills in English and one more language (ideally Dutch or French).
Paralegal or similar Academic degree in an area related to the position (e.g. legal, administration, media) positively valued.
High level of organization, detail orientation, ability to time-manage across multiple deadlines and a mindset that processes can always be improved; strong critical thinking and operational skills
Team-player who thrives in a fast paced, team-oriented setting
Flexibility and willingness to provide administrative support on a broad range of regulatory matters (including preparing summaries of legal research).
Tech-savvy individual, quick to adapt to new or changing systems, with proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and Google Suite.
Ability to be discrete and maintain confidential information.
Willingness to tackle matters outside area of expertise.
Understand, advocate, and embody the Netflix culture and team goals.
APPLY NOW
Share this listing:
LINK COPIED",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=1c679fe6fac7b908&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0d18d10aef94af93&assa=4990,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1c679fe6fac7b908&fccid=66403b30a2c0d89c&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
11,public administration,Indeed,p_bcef91bef3749566,Assistant Store Manager,Kontoor Brands, Amsterdam,"Full Time 37.5u
Location: The Style Outlets – Halfweg / Amsterdam
Lee® one of the most Iconic denim brands in the world, with a rich history of iconic products and influencers like Freddie Mercury, John Lennon and Mick Jagger. Next to the strong heritage, both brands have a constant pipeline of new design & great innovation to attract our target consumers.
What’s the scope?
For our new store in The Style Outlet -in SugarCity we are looking for a
Assistant Store Manager to join our team. In this role you will be our brand ambassador and deliver a five - start customer service.
Your responsibilities:
Assisting our Management Team in leading strong operational processes and routines that minimize shrink and drive profitability;
Lead by example by providing by delivering high quality – five start - customer service;
Arrange comprehensive work rosters, covering holiday and sickness cover;
Assist the manager:
in leading and developing a sales and customer service focused store;
The recruitment of suitable competent staff;
Maximizing profit performance by achieving sales targets within budget;
The analysis of product sales, performance and inventory needs.
Train the store team in all aspects and responsibilities including customer service, company history, product knowledge and store operations;
Inspire the team and all customers with our brands fashion and lifestyle image and products;
Communicate inventory needs to Head Office regularly;
Be fully competent in the operation of the POS System and utilize report facilities to analyze business needs;
Have the mind set and determination to always be better than our competitor’s set and determination to always be better than our competitors;
Ensure the sales floor and back areas are consistently cleaned and well maintained;
Take full responsibility for the store in the managers absence;
Profile:
A minimum experience of 2 years’ Experience in Retail, Passion for fashion and denim;
Customer orientated by providing high standards of customer experience;
Experience in operating a cash register and electronic payment systems
Experience in managing all relevant administration papers and reports
Friendly, reliable, trustworthy and honest
Ability to interact with the public with a friendly and helpful approach
Customer oriented and high standard of customer care skills
High standard of personal appearance, smart and well presented
Good numeric skills
Effective oral communication skills
Able to work under strong pressure
Good organizational skills
Team player;
Excellent communication skills (Dutch & English);
Flexible: Required to work non-traditional hours; weekends, evenings, holidays; overtime may be required in this position;",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=bcef91bef3749566&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=06634368e898eab8&assa=6612,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bcef91bef3749566&fccid=2d27977a4d5e157e&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
12,public administration,Indeed,p_d34ed5196ea21937,Intern IT,GStar Raw, Amsterdam,"Job description

G-Star strives to be the most hardcore denim brand in the world. To achieve this, we are looking for hardcore thinkers and do-ers, who dare to create the future of premium and purposeful denim with us.

We are looking for people with big dreams, while keeping their feet on the ground. Those who are not afraid to push the limits, because we believe there are no limits in what denim can do.

Are you up for the challenge? Are you the perfect fit for our team? Are you a bit of a rebellious spirit?
Then we would love to hear from you!

Here’s what we’ll do together:

New technologies are continuously suppressing each other faster and faster. The amount of data is increasing, applications are getting smarter and computers are getting faster. The interaction with customers is changing and so are the demands customers place on business processes. To you as an intern, that sounds like the start of something beautiful because with data, among other things, you lay the foundation for better business processes. During the internship, you will be prepared as a process consultant to work with colleagues to look for possibilities to increase process efficiency, reduce costs and shorten lead times. In other words, you ensure a qualitatively strong and thorough process.

Profile

What you bring to the table:

You are analytically strong, can assess a situation quickly and show initiative and perseverance. You are enrolled at a technical or numerical academic study (think of Mathematics or Physics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Business Administration, Economics or Public Administration). You have the ambition to work in the field of Customer Excellence, Business Process Management, Digital Process Transformation, translating operational data into processes, and Continuous Improvement. You would like to discover where your talents lie and give a quick start to your career. You also bring personality: you can find yourself in our core values.

What we bring to the table:

A successful start to your career! During this internship, we give you a solid foundation in the field of functional knowledge within the fashion industry, BPM, Business Process Improvement and of course also a great experience by working for an iconic denim brand. During 5-6 months, you will work intensively on your personal and professional development by means of training and knowledge sessions. For example, you follow training courses aimed at business process improvement that give you the knowledge to support various teams within G-star in providing insight into the business processes and to discuss improvements together. We share knowledge and also regularly plan social activities. We work hard, but fun is just as important.

Beyond a competitive compensation for your internship, working at G-Star brings a lot of perks and exciting opportunities… how about an awesome and diverse team that collaborates to inspire; a work environment that offers room for fun, inspiration and innovation … and a healthy, fresh and delicious lunch so you can keep up the greatness!

Found your dream internship?
We will thoroughly review your application.We have an international community at G-Star, so please apply in English.When we hopefully find what we are looking for, we will call you for a chat and if it’s a good fit, we’ll plan our first interview. Because we’re very curious how you’d survive a mission impossible, we ask you to prepare a real-life business case.When we’re ready to commit to each other, we will congratulate you on your brand new internship and discuss the next steps. We look forward to see you on the onboarding day!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d34ed5196ea21937&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31aad12d59461286&assa=8378,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d34ed5196ea21937&fccid=4fde3fdc7bfa1d1b&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
13,public administration,Indeed,p_68d344bf0775898a,Intern IT,GStar Raw, Amsterdam,"Job description

G-Star strives to be the most hardcore denim brand in the world. To achieve this, we are looking for hardcore thinkers and do-ers, who dare to create the future of premium and purposeful denim with us.

We are looking for people with big dreams, while keeping their feet on the ground. Those who are not afraid to push the limits, because we believe there are no limits in what denim can do.

Are you up for the challenge? Are you the perfect fit for our team? Are you a bit of a rebellious spirit?
Then we would love to hear from you!

Here’s what we’ll do together:

New technologies are continuously suppressing each other faster and faster. The amount of data is increasing, applications are getting smarter and computers are getting faster. The interaction with customers is changing and so are the demands customers place on business processes. To you as an intern, that sounds like the start of something beautiful because with data, among other things, you lay the foundation for better business processes. During the internship, you will be prepared as a process consultant to work with colleagues to look for possibilities to increase process efficiency, reduce costs and shorten lead times. In other words, you ensure a qualitatively strong and thorough process.

Profile

What you bring to the table:

You are analytically strong, can assess a situation quickly and show initiative and perseverance. You are enrolled at a technical or numerical academic study (think of Mathematics or Physics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Business Administration, Economics or Public Administration). You have the ambition to work in the field of Customer Excellence, Business Process Management, Digital Process Transformation, translating operational data into processes, and Continuous Improvement. You would like to discover where your talents lie and give a quick start to your career. You also bring personality: you can find yourself in our core values.

What we bring to the table:

A successful start to your career! During this internship, we give you a solid foundation in the field of functional knowledge within the fashion industry, BPM, Business Process Improvement and of course also a great experience by working for an iconic denim brand. During 5-6 months, you will work intensively on your personal and professional development by means of training and knowledge sessions. For example, you follow training courses aimed at business process improvement that give you the knowledge to support various teams within G-star in providing insight into the business processes and to discuss improvements together. We share knowledge and also regularly plan social activities. We work hard, but fun is just as important.

Beyond a competitive compensation for your internship, working at G-Star brings a lot of perks and exciting opportunities… how about an awesome and diverse team that collaborates to inspire; a work environment that offers room for fun, inspiration and innovation … and a healthy, fresh and delicious lunch so you can keep up the greatness!

Found your dream internship?
We will thoroughly review your application.We have an international community at G-Star, so please apply in English.When we hopefully find what we are looking for, we will call you for a chat and if it’s a good fit, we’ll plan our first interview. Because we’re very curious how you’d survive a mission impossible, we ask you to prepare a real-life business case.When we’re ready to commit to each other, we will congratulate you on your brand new internship and discuss the next steps. We look forward to see you on the onboarding day!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d34ed5196ea21937&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31aad12d59461286&assa=8378,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=68d344bf0775898a&fccid=7942658690eba67c&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
14,public administration,Indeed,p_735cd73cd27d3379,Junior Consultant (m/w/d),RITTERWALD Unternehmensberatung GmbH, Amsterdam,"Junior Consultant (m/w/d)
Amsterdam / ab sofort
Ben jij een junior consultant die al verder kijkt en spreek je Nederlands en Engels?
RITTERWALD is growing its consultancy services in The Netherlands and United Kingdom and we are looking for an ambitious Junior Consultant to support our business outside Germany.

RITTERWALD is a pan-European strategy consultancy in the real-estate industry with offices in Berlin, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and London (2021). Over the last 10 years, we have developed strong client relationships in the public and private sector in the field of sustainability, social and affordable housing and urban development.
We would like to get in touch with a talented Junior Consultant who can support our senior management in Amsterdam and – prior to opening of our London office – our Director UK. The position is based in The Netherlands at our Amsterdam office near RAI convention centre and across Beatrix Park, however some home working is possible.

You offer
a successfully completed degree in business administration or real estate management (Bachelor, Master)

potentially first experience in a professional environment (private or public sector, consulting, auditing, etc.)

a strong understanding of business topics in its societal context
a quick grasp and distinctive problem-solving competence
an authentic, independent and motivated personality
flexibility, mobility and commitment
ability to work in a team
fluent language skills in Dutch and English and preferably some (basic) German
You will
further develop the market presence of RITTERWALD by supporting acquisitions, writing articles and participating in external conferences and seminars
support us with market and trend analyses, company profiles for our business development and marketing and participating in teams with your colleagues to support client projects
work in customer projects by focussing on consulting topics such as business planning, cost, sales and process analyses as well as benchmarking and digitisation topics
provide office related support to our Business Development Director (based in Amsterdam) and our Director UK (based in London): scheduling but more importantly preparing meetings
We offer
from the 1st working day deployment on strategic customer projects in international markets
a high learning curve and an optimal environment for personal development
an experienced colleague as a mentor, who will assist you with advice and action
a wide range of training and continuing education opportunities
opportunity to grow with RITTERWALD
a pleasant working atmosphere, true team spirit, company events (with involvement of partners & children)
negotiable salary
Bitte senden Sie ihre aussagekräftige Bewerbung mit allen Unterlagen an:
Birgit Hartisch
recruiting@ritterwald.de

+ 49 30 / 609 85 82 45
IHRE BEWERBUNG
Send a cover letter with:

a brief introduction, motives for your application, curriculum vitae and copies of your most important certificates (school leaving certificate, Bachelor degree, Master degree)
references and internship certificates as well as information on the possible starting date and your salary expectations.

If you would like to have more information, please contact

Ad Hereijgers in Amsterdam:
ad.hereijgers@ritterwald.nl or (31) 20 2082174.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=735cd73cd27d3379&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=07065a7d6081ab64&assa=1562,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=735cd73cd27d3379&fccid=74cfce15930e1766&vjs=3,7 dagen geleden,7 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
15,public administration,Indeed,p_21f6265c11e07952,Consultant Treasury Technology (NL),Zanders, Bussum,"As a Consultant at Zanders, you can expect to work on live projects almost immediately. You will receive training and support from your senior colleagues as well as the opportunity to study for the CFA exams. There willbe plenty of scope to work with multinational corporations, both locally and internationally, guiding and implementing treasury solutions. We are searching for talented, technical graduates who have a passion for technology transformations and an interest in the intersection of technology and finance.

Your role

You will be a part of our Corporates consulting team based in the Netherlands. We are looking for a graduate that wants to be at the forefront of using, and advancing, technology within corporate finance and treasury departments.

The range of responsibilities for this role includes:

Work alongside clients to identify how technology fits into their strategic roadmap
Review how clients currently use financial technology, identify best practice improvements, and implement those changes
Work alongside senior level colleagues to help manage the project success and align with client expectations
Advance the project work by completing assigned tasks or providing client support
Decide which market trends and legislation to research so that you can develop your own expertise within Zanders
Skills to be successful
Interested in a career in finance and technology, with a specialzed focus in treasury and risk management solutions
Motivated to work on projects with competing deadlines, change management and a systems/process focus
Ability to inspire and open up dialogue with colleagues and clients
Ambition to further your education, such as CFA or financial systems training
Drawn to a career in consulting that involves specialization, emotional intelligence and strong relationship management
Completed Master’s in a relevant study: Finance, Business Administration, Information Systems
What we offer you

We offer an ambitious, international and fun working environment. We find a healthy work-life balance very important and offer the flexibility needed to combine a career as a consultant with a busy personal life. We have ambitious growth targets for the coming years and are looking for people that want to help us achieve these goals. Whether you want to develop new products, clients or expertise areas, there is ample room for your initiatives and ambitions. In addition we offer the following:

A spot in the Zanders Talent Program (ZTP) to hone your soft skills and content knowledge with your class of new colleagues
The opportunity to establish yourself as a subject matter expert in your chosen field
The chance to work alongside a variety of clients and consultants to build new skills quickly
A fun and enterprising organization that encourages, motivates and focuses on its people
Who we are

We are a leading international consultancy firm focused on Treasury Management, Risk Management and Corporate Finance. From our offices in the Netherlands, Belgium, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Nordics, United States and Japan our 190 consultants service corporates, financial institutions, public sector entities and NGO’s.

We believe that developing our people by investing in them and by sharing knowledge and experiences is our differentiator and key to success. That is why we create an inspiring work environment and foster our open, family atmosphere in which freedom, fun and flexibility play an important role. It is also why we aim to make our next project even more exciting and challenging.

By applying for a role at Zanders, you give us approval to use and retain your personal details. Taking into account Zanders’ nature of enterprise, you are expected to behave to a high moral standard. A Pre-Employment Screening (PES) by a third party is part of the application process.

Bekijk ook de testimonial van collega

Niels Felix",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=21f6265c11e07952&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6d5f0821ef1ff9c4&assa=104,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=21f6265c11e07952&fccid=f5f62002921a5e79&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
16,public administration,Indeed,p_d71db9e3b756cdaa,Product Manager Accessories EU,AOC, Amsterdam,"TPV Technology is an internationally-renowned PC monitor, TV and Digital Signage Displays manufacturer. TPV serves as an original design manufacturer for some of the best-known TV , PC and Digital Signage Displays brands in the industry and distributes its products worldwide under its own brands AOC and Envision. In addition, the company designs, produces and sells Philips-branded monitors, TV's and AVA products, Digital Signage Displays and mobile phones through a license agreement with Philips via its subsidiaries TP Vision and MMD. As an example, the company brings high-quality TV sets to the market: smart and easy to use with sophisticated styling. TPV believes in creating products that touch the human senses and are within reach of all consumers in the markets they operate in. As a leader in the hotel industry, their hospitality TV division serves most the world's major international and national hotel groups, as well as individual hotels, hospitals, cruises and other professional facilities.


About AOC
Headquartered in Amsterdam, AOC International (Europe) B.V. is one of Europe’s leading suppliers of computer displays and IT accessories, and number one gaming monitor brand in the world. The AOC brand was founded in Taiwan in 1967 as the Admiral Overseas Corporation. It is now part of TPV Technology Limited – the world’s largest PC monitor manufacturer.
Scope
Amsterdam ( The Netherlands) – The Product Manager is responsible for leading business management activities within Europe for accessories. The Product manager will manage the price realization, volumes and margin and is involved directly on P&L discussions.
Responsibilities
Business activities include product range build up and logic from commercial point of view, product lifecycle management, pricing and margin management within Europe and recommendation on channel management strategy. Ownership and accountability differ and it is dependent on seniority.
Identify additional opportunities within the current branded portfolio.
Benchmarking competitor product range and pricing
Project management with Asian HQ Global Product Management
Support regional sales for public or corporate tenders
Defining product positioning and pricing in corporation with Product Managers of other brands being covered by the organisation
Preparing and executing sales trainings
Preparing and executing PR Agency briefings and trainings
Defining and briefing Marcom for all hero and focus products launch campaigns
Business Management analysis and strategy setting for all countries
Close corporation with supply chain to manage stock level and availabilities
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit.
Sample management (monitors/displays) press reviews in corporation with Marcom
Work with sales teams to identify growth opportunities to increase market share, sales and margin
Build & coordinate with assigned market(s) the best product range and line up logic to optimize financial results
Manage price realization & optimize operational margin for assigned markets to reach and exceed targets
Drive product mix improvement
Drive & support implementation of regional strategy to assigned markets
Support for allocation prioritization (to benefit EU region)
Analyse markets and become business expert and support regional leadership to understand challenges and opportunities for assigned markets
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit
What are we offering?
Fulltime position and competitive rewards , based in Amsterdam
An interesting, dynamic, challenging, and fast-moving international working environment
Opportunity to grow true business sense
Requirements
Bachelor education in Business Administration / Marketing
Experience and track record in product management (strong preference for experience with Consumer Electronics/display products)
In-depth knowledge of markets, pricing, margin management, P&L and strategy
Ability to coordinate business on regional level and at country (senior) level
Experience in product market introductions
Strong verbal and written communication in English (and preferably Dutch and another language)
If you enjoy working with knowledgeable, success oriented people, for a company that both challenges and respects its professionals, and you've got what it takes to be a great Product Manager, then apply today.
Please contact Chelsea Nguyen (Corporate Recruiter) at Chelsea.nguyen@tpv-tech.com (please include your CV and a short motivation).
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy posting is not appreciated.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d71db9e3b756cdaa&fccid=4cd48b95034b4577&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
17,public administration,Indeed,p_53fcb9cdcea69f42,Manager Financial Due Diligence,PwC, Amsterdam,"Deal breakers, value drivers, cash flows, data analytics, working capital and upside potential, are all keywords used within mergers, acquisitions, IPOs and (re) financing processes that you work on as a Financial Due Diligence manager at PwC.
Our Deals business is an exciting and an ever-growing business that focuses on deals and crisis situations for our clients. Collectively, we deal with the types of situations you hear about regularly in the news and we provide support, insight and analysis to the management, shareholders and financiers of business.
What does the job involve?
You help clients looking to buy a business, sell all or part of their business, refinance or list on stock exchanges through Initial Public Offerings (IPOs). Your work helps buyers understand what makes a transaction successful. You thoroughly assess a target company’s finances, consider the opportunities and risks, and identify potential deal issues. You also work with vendors; independently assessing businesses so that potential buyers can make informed decisions.
What exactly a financial due diligence process looks like depends entirely on the project. You will solve each problem with a tailor-made approach. Sometimes, a financial 'snapshot' of the company suffices, whereas at another time, the deal issue will only be visible on a very detailed X-ray. Depending on the client’s request, you look at the history or the projections of an organization. Each assignment will be completely different in terms of both content and process.
You will have the opportunity to work on both strategic and private equity transactions that will be varied and challenging. Advising throughout the deal cycle, you’ll see both the buy and sell side of the work, develop specialist sector understanding and enhance key skills in financial due diligence.You are part of a leading (inter) national Deals practice where innovation is central;
You work in project teams with specialists, often supplemented with tax specialists and strategy, carve-out, synergy or IT experts. Your common goal is to get the most out of the deal for the client;
You support private equity parties and corporates in the purchase and sale of companies or business units. In addition to involvement in the transaction itself, you will also be involved before and after the transaction discussing strategic matters with the client;
You also coach and help your team members in their development and you are the person they can turn to for discussing their activities, ideas or proposals.
Who are you?
You have experience in financial due diligence within an advisory practice or experience that is complementary to doing financial due diligence: i.e. experience of analysing financial information to identify key commercial drivers, risks and opportunities and reviewing financial projections. You have an ability to identify key issues and to deliver on time. You have great interpersonal skills and are able to quickly build collaborative relationships with a wide range of stakeholders internally as well as externally. Finally, you enjoy bringing the best out of your team and using your practical and creative skills to analyse and solve new issues.
In addition:
You have studied Business Administration or (Business) Economics at a university, supplemented by a completed RA, RC or CFA (level 3) program.
You like to work in an (international) team and have good project management skills.
You have excellent analytical, excel and reporting skills in both Dutch and English.
You can empathize with your colleagues and stakeholders and you have an eye for the added value of everyone.
You are passionate about client service and have commercial awareness
You are curious about the developments in your field and are driven to make a difference with your team.
What do we offer?
A job with PwC means working with a wide variety of clients and inspiring colleagues. It also comes with a competitive employee benefits package that gives you ample room to grow and work and live flexibly.
You will have access to many different training courses and programmes.
You will be part of an international advisory organisation.
You will play an important role in prestigious transformation projects.
You will have an outstanding package of employee and fringe benefits, including company car, lease bike option, laptop, iPhone, 32 vacation days, and a personal wellbeing budget.
Informal (online) get together activities like drinks, Christmas party, sportive events and more!
Apply now!
Are you interested, do you recognize yourself in our purpose and values and do you fit in with the profile? Then upload your resume and motivation directly via the apply button. We will be in touch within two weeks to report on your application's progress.
Do you still have questions in the meantime? Then switch with Liselotte Kloppenburg, our recruiter via liselotte.kloppenburg@pwc.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=53fcb9cdcea69f42&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0ddbdd72be7d891a&assa=8476,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=53fcb9cdcea69f42&fccid=5e964c4afc56b180&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
18,public administration,Indeed,p_d81b75ee92bdfd92,Regional Sales Manager - BeNeNord,Stryker, Amsterdam,"Are you highly driven with proven sales success?
Do you have experience leading a High Performing Team in a fast moving market?
If so, we have a unique opportunity for you as a Regional Sales Manager leading our Public Access team in the Nordic & Benelux markets.
Here at Stryker we strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace.

We are a global leader in the development and supply of Automatic External Defibrillators (AEDs) which are marketed under the highly recognized LIFEPAK® and HeartSine® brands.
Stryker’s Public Access business operates in a complex market with a highly competitive portfolio of AEDs that are widely deployed in homes, workplaces and communities to aid victims of Sudden Cardiac Arrest.

In this role, reporting to the Sales Director, EMEA; you will lead a highly driven team to manage our channel partners across the region to effectively create and service end customer demand for our products. You will be a seasoned sales professional focused on achieving yearly quotas and fostering deep and reliable relationships with channel partners and key influencers in several markets. You will establish and maintain, in partnership with our channel partners, a market presence that enhances the company’s reputation, creates awareness and demand in commercial and public access markets.

Location: Amsterdam, Denmark or Sweden

Travel: 50% (within region)

Languages: Fluent English (an additional regional language is advantageous)

Responsibilities:

Exceed and deliver quarterly and yearly Quotas; managing capital and recurring revenue pipeline development alongside accurate forecasting vs. quota reporting directly into the EMEA Sales Director.
Manage, lead, and motivate a high performing sales team in quota delivery and implementation of marketing plans with both strategic and tactical approaches to business acceleration within the segment.
Oversee regular/quarterly business reviews with channel partners
Manage and maintain Stryker’s indirect channel compliance, education and training programs
Develop, review and refine marketing plans together with the marketing team to create awareness of Sudden Cardiac Arrest and demand for Stryker’s products and services.
Maintain direct relationships all key decision makers , Key Opinion Leaders and key referrals across the territory.
Identify potential new accounts and new market entry strategies.
Understand / utilize market dynamics to support business acceleration.
Take a creative approach to new business development for both current and new market opportunities.
Maintain Stryker’s leading positon in the Public Access marketplace and exhibit passion for Stryker’s mission, values and leadership qualities
Required Experience:

Strong commercial acumen
5 Years proven sales success within the commercial B2B or Medical Device Distribution Management Arena
Regional Sales Management and / or Product Marketing Experience
Degree in Business, Life-sciences, Marketing, Business Administration, Engineering or other relevant, advanced degree
Competent in Microsoft Office and preferable knowledge of CRM Systems
Presentation skills with modern presentation media

Competencies (Essential)
Leadership Qualities, “Visionary & Creative”
Management Skill Set “Developing High Performing Teams”
Highly Competitive and Driven to Succeed
Highly Organized and displays Excellence in Planning & Time Management
Relationship Building Excellence – Ability to Communicate on All Levels; including Internal and External Stakeholders
Self-Direction
Passion for Technology and Mission
High Integrity
Accountable
Negotiating Skills
Decisive and Assertive
Service Orientated
Strategic Thinker
Collaborative Approach",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d81b75ee92bdfd92&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2ef3d5fe50d658b3&assa=4802,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d81b75ee92bdfd92&fccid=9d4dbca3ed8b9cdf&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
19,public administration,Indeed,p_d011b88c94340eb3,Rights Analyst,Netflix, Amsterdam,"Amsterdam, Netherlands
Legal and Public Policy
It’s an exciting time to join Netflix as we continue to transform entertainment globally. Our international efforts have brought Netflix to virtually all countries around the globe and we are excited to bring even more content to our viewers everywhere.

The Rights Management team is looking for a Rights Analyst to join its expanding team in EMEA where they’ll be based at Netflix’s Amsterdam office. They will be responsible for analyzing contracts for owned and licensed content for Europe, Middle East & Africa and creating the distribution windows and rights information in Netflix’s proprietary rights management system for titles launching on the Netflix service.

The successful candidate is proactive, detail-oriented, flexible, quick-thinking and thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyze and interpret agreements for owned and licensed content and accurately set up distribution windows and other rights attributes in our rights management system.
Maintain high alignment with various cross-functional partners (Acquisitions, Legal, Title Operations, Marketing, Content Accounting, etc.) to manage all aspects of window set-up for the successful launch of titles on the Netflix Service.
Strive for tool and process improvements and work towards implementing solutions.
Maintain high alignment with the Rights Management team in Los Angeles and other regional offices.
ESSENTIAL SKILLS:
Cross-Functional Partners: you must have the ability to establish highly effective relationships with your business partners.
Judgment: you must be able to think strategically, assess risk and make wise decisions.
Prioritization and organization: you must be able to juggle time-sensitive requests from multiple business partners.
Attention to detail: you must be able to manage a high volume of information with great accuracy.
Strong analytical skills: you must be comfortable reading complex contracts for owned and licensed content and accurately extracting rights metadata.
Strong problem-solving skills: you must be resourceful and collaborative in managing challenging tasks.
Technology Savvy: you must be comfortable learning new tools quickly. Strong knowledge in Excel is preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills: you must be able to distill information accurately and convey it to your business partners.
Feedback: you must be able to provide to and receive from your colleagues real-time, direct feedback.
QUALIFICATIONS:
5+ years of experience in Sales, Sales Administration, and/or content rights management required
Prior experience within a studio, streaming service, or TV/Film distributor highly preferred
Fluency in English required
Minimal travel required
APPLY NOW
Share this listing:
LINK COPIED",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d011b88c94340eb3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1a78bba1fec69a94&assa=6280,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d011b88c94340eb3&fccid=66403b30a2c0d89c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
20,public administration,Indeed,p_753ff5318504e791,Clinical Operations Director,Synthesis Retreat, Amsterdam,"Since 2018, Synthesis has been offering legal, medically supervised and science-based psychedelic retreats in Amsterdam for open-minded seekers who want to utilize moderate-to-high doses of psilocybin truffles to catalyze creative breakthroughs, explore consciousness, find meaning, improve confidence, and open up to a mystical experience.

With the FDA designating psilocybin therapy a “breakthrough therapy,” and thereby helping to speed up the process of researching and approving it to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), now a new era is upon us—one in which psychiatrists will be able to legally prescribe psychedelics in the United States.

Deeply rooted in its vision that everyone has access to mental health and wellbeing, Synthesis is uniquely poised to usher in this new era, pioneering as a global leader in advancing research, convening community, educating the public and engaging in activism to promote safe, legal, widespread access to psychedelics.

Standing on its years of experience and reputation for offering world-class psilocybin experiences,

Synthesis is also uniquely qualified to set the standard for practitioners to safely, ethically and effectively support people on a journey for healing using psilocybin.

The Synthesis Institute is an Amsterdam based company. We are accepting candidates globally and will consider candidates willing and able to telecommute.


Position Overview:

We seek a full-time Clinical Operations Director to support and lead the clinical team’s operations and administrative work. This candidate will align their work with Synthesis’ mission and vision . This candidate will be a key member of the senior management team and will work closely with the Clinical Director and screening team. The ideal candidate will maintain tight organization of this team's daily operations, manage cross departmental communications, and is expected to be an experienced and efficient leader. In addition, this candidate must have an advanced understanding of psychedelic therapy, and experience in planning events as the Clinical Operations Director will be responsible for the operations of psilocybin retreats for the clinical program.


Core Objectives:

Lead and grow Synthesis internal clinical operations and programming. This person must have sound knowledge of medical and clinical regulations as well as an expert level understanding of project management. Lead a team that handles day-to-day administration and operations, provide leadership, management, and vision to ensure that Synthesis has an effective team, operational controls, and administrative procedures in place. This candidate will help effectively grow the clinical team and ensure it is operating efficiently.


Responsibilities:
Assist Clinical Director
Lead and coordinate operational and administrative duties for the clinical team and department
Lead cross departmental communications
Manage Health Screening process
 Lead Clinical Governance for the clinical team: annual audits of processes, writing audit reports suggesting operational improvements, and overseeing the transition to new improved processes
Train and grow clinical teams
Managing day-to-day operations, budgeting, financial management, and human resource management
Planning and coordinating psilocybin retreats serving large groups of therapy clients


Required Experience:
5+ years of experience leading and growing clinical operations
5+ years of experience in client/patient intake and health screening processes
Understand the deep responsibility to deliver ethical psychedelic care
Masters degree in Business Administration, Healthcare Administration, Nursing or related field preferred
Proven track record of excellent performance in a clinical setting
Broad knowledge of modern health care administration practices and principles within a managed care environment and/or an academic medical center
Deep personal experience with altered states
Feels personally inspired by the tremendous potential of psychedelics to positively change our collective healthcare and wellbeing landscape
Familiar with the professional and scientific psychedelic landscape.
Have self-care and inter-personal integrity as a top priority in your personal life
Maintains a daily committed personal (spiritual) practice.
Excellent written and spoken English skills
Proven track record of excellent performance: honest, ethical, and dependable
Effective analytical ability to develop and analyze options, solve complex problems and recommend solutions
Have highly-effective judgment to make sound and responsible decisions and remain grounded under stress
Have the ability to be flexible and possess a willingness to adapt to changing situations and to learn new skills
Experience in strategic planning and helping to ensure the efficient operation and growth of the department
Exceptional boundaries and containment in your leadership style
Ability to lead through frequent changes in duties and volume of work
Inspires confidence, appropriate risk taking and achievement of high standards
Models professionalism: excellent and effective interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work well with people of all ages, backgrounds, etc
Excellent delegation skills
Skilled at de-escalation and conflict management


Highly-Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working in a culturally diverse team
Experience working in a multinational organization
Experience with Asana, HubSpot, & Netsuite, or similar


Compensation Package:
Competitive base salary commensurate with experience
Annual performance and salary review",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=753ff5318504e791&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6478da404db76ad8&assa=7937,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=753ff5318504e791&fccid=10f8c0d67636d5c2&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
21,public administration,Indeed,p_b3729a2bbfcf152d,Director of Customer Journey and Support,Synthesis Retreat, Amsterdam,"Since 2018, Synthesis has been offering legal, medically supervised and science-based psychedelic retreats in Amsterdam for open-minded seekers who want to utilize moderate-to-high doses of psilocybin truffles to catalyze creative breakthroughs, explore consciousness, find meaning, improve confidence, and open up to a mystical experience.

With the FDA designating psilocybin therapy a “breakthrough therapy,” and thereby helping to speed up the process of researching and approving it to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), now a new era is upon us—one in which psychiatrists will be able to legally prescribe psychedelics in the United States.

Deeply rooted in its vision that everyone has access to mental health and wellbeing, Synthesis is uniquely poised to usher in this new era, pioneering as a global leader in advancing research, convening community, educating the public and engaging in activism to promote safe, legal, widespread access to psychedelics.

Standing on its years of experience and reputation for offering world-class psilocybin experiences,

Synthesis is also uniquely qualified to set the standard for practitioners to safely, ethically and effectively support people on a journey for healing using psilocybin.

The Synthesis Institute is an Amsterdam based company. We are accepting candidates globally and will consider candidates willing and able to telecommute.


Position Overview:

We seek a full-time Director Service Officer to grow and lead our customer service team. The ideal candidate will be a sincere, motivating and inspiring guide to our customers by means of providing accurate, up to date content and kind, considered responses. This team member interacts and collaborates with almost all divisions of our operations, specifically with product management, digital automation specialists, and our developer team to relay updates, remove roadblocks, and ensure smooth collaboration. This person must thrive in a fast-paced and startup environment, and be comfortable organizing and leading multiple ongoing projects and responsibilities.

Responsibilities:
Grow and lead our customer service team
Lead CRM tool: leveraging technology for highly personal customer communications (Netsuite,Hubspot or other)
Deliver organized and useful analytical performance data reports
Work closely with the Product Manager, Digital Automation Specialist, and Hubspot developer team to further optimize the customer journey from beginning to end.
Ensure coverage all of communication channels (e.g., support inbox, forms, chat and online community)
Monitor booking (automation and manual) in our CRM
Monitor Exploration Call process
Collect customer information in preparation of various retreats
Check-in with, and relay important updates between the Retreat, Health Screening, Marketing, Digital Products and Development Teams
Update and streamline existing processes within our CRM
Offer technical and content-related support to our Exploration Call Team, Health Screening Team and Digital Education Team
Ensure consistency across our website, contact forms and customer-facing documents
Assist the Synthesis educators team in boosting sales and performance. This responsibility can include setting up appointments or following up with customers after their first interaction with a Synthesis educator
Maintain relationships with active community members.
Moderate questions and comments on all our communication channels, including social media
Make sure all prospect and customer questions are answered quickly and clearly
Know products inside and out to provide most accurate information to customers

Required Experience:
5+ years experience building and leading a team customer service department and team
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution, or equivalent in work experience in a relevant subject area such as Business Administration, Health Care Management, Nursing, Computer Science related field, Information Systems, or related field
Expert of insightful, informed and warm responses, ensuring customer comfort/confidence at all phases of the customer journey
Maintaining a positive, empathetic and professional attitude toward customers at all times
You can read between the lines to understand and cater to the needs of our community
Deep personal experience with altered states
Feels personally inspired by the tremendous potential of psychedelics to positively change our collective healthcare and wellbeing landscape
Familiar with the professional and scientific psychedelic landscape.
Have self-care and inter-personal integrity as a top priority in your personal life
Maintains a daily committed personal (spiritual) practice
Excellent written and spoken English skills
Proven track record of excellent performance: honest, ethical, and dependable
Effective analytical ability to develop and analyze options, solve complex problems and recommend solutions
Have highly-effective judgment to make sound and responsible decisions and remain grounded under stress
Have the ability to be flexible and possess a willingness to adapt to changing situations and to learn new skills
Experience in strategic planning and helping to ensure the efficient operation and growth of the department
Exceptional boundaries and containment in your leadership style
Ability to lead through frequent changes in duties and volume of work
Inspires confidence, appropriate risk taking and achievement of high standards
Models professionalism: excellent and effective interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work well with people of all ages, backgrounds, etc
Excellent delegation skills
Skilled at de-escalation and conflict management

Highly-Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working in a culturally diverse team
Experience working in a multinational organization
Experience with Asana, HubSpot, & Netsuite, or similar

Compensation Package:
Competitive base salary commensurate with experience
Annual performance and salary review",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b3729a2bbfcf152d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cfe8db5ba7e4979b&assa=8957,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b3729a2bbfcf152d&fccid=10f8c0d67636d5c2&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
22,public administration,Indeed,pj_906ba834aeac1f47,Head of Unit - Business Travel,European Investment Bank, Amsterdam,"The EIB, the European Union's bank, is seeking to recruit for its Corporate Services Directorate, Buildings and Logistics Department, Workplace Management & Mobility Division at its headquarters in Luxembourg, a Head of Business Travel Unit*. This is a full time position at grade 5/6.
The term of this contract will be 4 years.
Panel interviews are anticipated for mid-February.
The EIB offers fixed-term contracts of up to a maximum of 6 years, according to business needs, with a possibility to convert to a permanent contract, subject to organisational requirements and individual performance.Internally referred to as: Unit Head Facilities Management
Purpose
Are you seeking a role where you can use your consolidated business travel services experience and help us drive positive change?
Join our team as Head of Business Travel Unit where you will bring new ideas and support staff providing excellent travel management services in a multi-cultural environment.
Operating Network
You will report to the Head of Workplace Management & Mobility Division.
This position demands a high level of interaction with all EIB Group agents, including senior stakeholders, and external partners.
Strong negotiation skills, customer focus, diplomacy and excellent interpersonal / communication skills are required for this position.
Accountabilities
Manage a set of services related to business travel management (such as using and maintaining an online booking system, visa services, 24/7 “emergency” services for selected travellers);
Contribute to the definition of the division strategy and development of operational strategies and policies particularly related to the EIB Group’s business travel, including defining directions/orientations and formalising clear objectives for the unit;
Ensure that staff within the unit have the right competencies, objectives and motivation to implement the formulated strategy and policies and deliver results;
Coordinate all activities related to the optimisation, expansion and running of the EIB Group Mission Desk, including the on boarding of new internal customers, system & process optimisation and associated project management;
Ensure call for tender processes are run timely and properly;
Contribute to periodic activity reporting, dashboards and annual reports with the preparation of notes, files, presentations and formal communication;
Stay abreast of technological and service offering developments in the area of corporate travel services and advise the Head of Division on operational/strategic decisions;
Together with the other Heads of Unit, support the Head of Division in the definition and the implementation of transversal projects, including change management, aiming at improving the quality of the services offered by the division.
Qualifications
University degree preferably in in the domain of business administration, facilities management, or related discipline;
At least 5 years of relevant experience in delivering corporate services – business travel, procurement, contract management or facility management;
Minimum 3 years of experience in delivering business travel services in an international environment;
Ability to manage complex corporate travel service including defining the way forward, setting up, deploying, and providing services to clients in line with the best market practice;
Experience or proven ability in managing or coaching people, ideally in multicultural environment or international organisations;
Proven knowledge of contract negotiation and procurement regulations and practices;
Ability to define and manage Service Level Agreements, as well as monitoring service and contract performance through Key Performance Indicators;
In-depth practical experience of project management; from initiation to project closure, including the change management process;
Knowledge of practices/regulations and industrial standards in the field of travel management services,;
Experience in public procurement would be a distinct advantage;
Excellent command of English and/or French (*). Knowledge of a third EU language would be an advantage.
Competencies
Find out more about EIB core and managerial competencies here

(*) There may be certain flexibility on this requirement, but limited to particularly suitable candidates who may not yet be proficient in French. If selected, such candidates will be hired on the condition that they build up rapidly knowledge of French and accept that their future career in the EIB may be subject to the attainment of sufficient proficiency in both of the Bank's working languages
We are an equal opportunity employer, who believes that diversity is good for our people and our business. As such, we promote the inclusion of suitably qualified and experienced staff without regard to their gender, age, racial or ethnic origin, religion or beliefs, sexual orientation/identity, or disability (*).
By applying for this position you acknowledge the importance of maintaining the security and integrity of the Information of the EIB Group. In case of selection for the position you agree to comply with all measures (policies, controls, document classification and management) implemented by the EIB Group to prevent unauthorized disclosure of any information or any damage to the EIB Group reputation.
Deadline for applications: 8th January 2021
(*). We particularly welcome applications from women and persons with disabilities.
#LI-POST
Interested
You can apply via the ''Apply'' button.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=906ba834aeac1f47&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003V4mJqNBYFX6z2siCVM_U_GwdlEzkujobz64Snd7fcSDvqFNTc71-7xG2xbEGaqeQLsf8UcSwFrjwaypPiVmqp8jvgP24d15cJqchKKC3XBP1XjHzXU1Xd8TPuxYMTiLKk&spon=1&adid=319801972&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWUfZOslNTIB2cpzExAyNXpud4VSyCguBtNLjquKUp-HAMRkVLU6qeKkiholvkU14gRNTp9nnPi47tkSDFIj9tlMZG6aHJgpsHOxe_xIqIf0ByLntDbqGCA6KH_iYqbfyNRb_lGwH63EjNw39sQ4qebAEL05amtaaTY4W-Kku8WWk5JiK3Rhga8NalUar5TRMQ60Hnikb3sbRRnpOOXjb2PlhTdMMzDPp3lZtDPTaem6i9kiHfGrEzfg9SJf-FFVDAcAOBi4JMMSm5kJEe3nl_AYVkQw4dAgRMECnJUebN-AyzSlALoYA37UGJcFTkQBxBzBdUhNp0zPkfSXn9d8LPyZObZktW5qfsjpb54j-cXUcGQhpz1UDl--K8pSDV_yTGud2vFgRU3VdsKxPuGuO2QU2grqKsX-3G38R0JB6xZRw9vWwvO8lOsdVxFU57IRICOnyqfShj304Iua9H_KRpgasSCPHbjB3zDRwXm7zhF9VmQN7MIun_tPjmxwji-QzkvrDUl6Brm8rrj0Et_eYJVbLRk9NCiLvr0nz5lcQJfSObthT1UkyFaRwvWmiO-ZjR&astse=1e66e57f4e1581c0&assa=201,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWUfZOslNTIB2cpzExAyNXpud4VSyCguBtNLjquKUp-HAMRkVLU6qeKkiholvkU14gRNTp9nnPi47tkSDFIj9tlMZG6aHJgpsHOxe_xIqIf0ByLntDbqGCA6KH_iYqbfyNRb_lGwH63EjNw39sQ4qebAEL05amtaaTY4W-Kku8WWk5JiK3Rhga8NalUar5TRMQ60Hnikb3sbRRnpOOXjb2PlhTdMMzDPp3lZtDPTaem6i9kiHfGrEzfg9SJf-FFVDAcAOBi4JMMSm5kJEe3nl_AYVkQw4dAgRMECnJUebN-AyzSlALoYA37UGJcFTkQBxBzBdUhNp0zPkfSXn9d8LPyZObZktW5qfsjpb54j-cXUcGQhpz1UDl--K8pSDV_yTGud2vFgRU3VdsKxPuGuO2QU2grqKsX-3G38R0JB6xZRw9vWwvO8lOsdVxFU57IRICOnyqfShj304Iua9H_KRpgasSCPHbjB3zDRwXm7zhF9VmQN7MIun_tPjmxwji-QzkvrDUl6Brm8rrj0Et_eYJVbLRk9NCiLvr0nz5lcQJfSObthT1UkyFaRwvWmiO-ZjR&p=10&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
23,public administration,Indeed,p_e4fc26a7c4f0ee07,"Intern, Valuation Services","DUFF AND PHELPS, LLC", Amsterdam,"Our professionals balance analytical skills, deep market insight and independence to deliver solid, defensible analysis and practical advice to our clients. As an organization, we value the diverse backgrounds and perspectives that enable us to think globally. We create transparency in an opaque world, and we encourage our people to do the same. That means when you join our team, you’ll become part of a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel. If you’re ready to share your perspective with the world, then you can make a real impact here. This is the Duff & Phelps difference.

Duff & Phelps’ Valuation Services prepares objective valuations for financial reporting, tax and management planning purposes.

At Duff & Phelps, your work will help protect, restore and maximize value for our clients. Join us and together we’ll maximize the value of your career.

**IMPORTANT NOTE** To be considered please upload your CV, Cover letter and most recent University grades/transcripts.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Valuation Services Interns work on a variety of assignments, including financial modeling performed for acquisitions using discounted cash flow, market approach and transaction approach analyses, reviewing equity and debt securities with hedge funds and private equity funds, purchase price allocations, intellectual property valuations, business unit and asset impairment valuations, intangible asset valuations and stock option valuations for multiple industries.
Assisting with performing valuation analysis on a wide range of public and private entities within various industries using accepted and relevant approaches and theory
Working with financial models for discounted cash flow, market multiple, market transaction and option pricing analyses
Independently gathering data pertinent to the engagement through direct client interaction and client site visits
Assisting in preparing and presenting the results of our analysis in a clear and concise manner
Assisting with the development of proposals, presentations and publications communicated to current and prospective clients
Performing in-depth client, industry, market and competitor research
REQUIREMENTS:
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business Administration (with a concentration in Accounting or Finance), Management (with a concentration in Accounting or Finance) or MBA from an accredited college or university.
Expected graduation date between December 2020 and July 2021
Computer proficiency and ability to maximise applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel
Strong analytical, comprehension and problem solving skills, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to master new tasks and industries quickly
Demonstrated leadership experience and strong personal integrity
Ability to prioritize tasks, work on multiple assignments and manage rapidly changing assignments in a team environment
Commitment to obtaining outstanding results
Excellent written and verbal communication skills that help represent diverse communities
Experience working with diverse teams
In order to be considered for a position at Duff & Phelps, you must formally apply via careers.duffandphelps.jobs

Duff & Phelps is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e4fc26a7c4f0ee07&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=639105b42262d290&assa=1741,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e4fc26a7c4f0ee07&fccid=2b6243d317042ea1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
24,public administration,Indeed,p_e7e3daf20358707e,Product Manager Accessories EU,MMD Monitors, Amsterdam,"Product Manager Accessories EU
TPV Technology is an internationally-renowned PC monitor, TV and Digital Signage Displays manufacturer. TPV serves as an original design manufacturer for some of the best-known TV , PC and Digital Signage Displays brands in the industry and distributes its products worldwide under its own brands AOC and Envision. In addition, the company designs, produces and sells Philips-branded monitors, TV’s and AVA products, Digital Signage Displays and mobile phones through a license agreement with Philips via its subsidiaries TP Vision and MMD. As an example, the company brings high-quality TV sets to the market: smart and easy to use with sophisticated styling. TPV believes in creating products that touch the human senses and are within reach of all consumers in the markets they operate in. As a leader in the hotel industry, their hospitality TV division serves most the world’s major international and national hotel groups, as well as individual hotels, hospitals, cruises and other professional facilities.
About the company
MMD is a wholly-owned company by TPV, established in 2009 through a brand license agreement with Philips. MMD exclusively markets and sells Philips-branded LCD displays worldwide. Taking advantage of Philips brand image and TPV’s manufacturing expertise, MMD uses a fast and focused approach to bring innovative products to consumers. MMD serves worldwide markets from major regional offices including Amsterdam, Shanghai, Singapore, São Paulo and Fremont (EPI). Through its network of local sales teams MMD works with all major IT distributors and resellers.
Scope
Amsterdam ( The Netherlands) – The Product Manager is responsible for leading business management activities within Europe for accessories. The Product manager will manage the price realization, volumes and margin and is involved directly on P&L discussions.
Responsibilities
Business activities include product range build up and logic from commercial point of view, product lifecycle management, pricing and margin management within Europe and recommendation on channel management strategy. Ownership and accountability differ and it is dependent on seniority.
Identify additional opportunities within the current branded portfolio.
Benchmarking competitor product range and pricing
Project management with Asian HQ Global Product Management
Support regional sales for public or corporate tenders
Defining product positioning and pricing in corporation with Product Managers of other brands being covered by the organisation
Preparing and executing sales trainings
Preparing and executing PR Agency briefings and trainings
Defining and briefing Marcom for all hero and focus products launch campaigns
Business Management analysis and strategy setting for all countries
Close corporation with supply chain to manage stock level and availabilities
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit.
Sample management (monitors/displays) press reviews in corporation with Marcom
Work with sales teams to identify growth opportunities to increase market share, sales and margin
Build & coordinate with assigned market(s) the best product range and line up logic to optimize financial results
Manage price realization & optimize operational margin for assigned markets to reach and exceed targets
Drive product mix improvement
Drive & support implementation of regional strategy to assigned markets
Support for allocation prioritization (to benefit EU region)
Analyse markets and become business expert and support regional leadership to understand challenges and opportunities for assigned markets
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit
What are we offering?
Fulltime position and competitive rewards , based in Amsterdam
An interesting, dynamic, challenging, and fast-moving international working environment
Opportunity to grow true business sense
Requirements
Bachelor education in Business Administration / Marketing
Experience and track record in product management (strong preference for experience with Consumer Electronics/display products)
In-depth knowledge of markets, pricing, margin management, P&L and strategy
Ability to coordinate business on regional level and at country (senior) level
Experience in product market introductions
Strong verbal and written communication in English (and preferably Dutch and another language)
If you enjoy working with knowledgeable, success oriented people, for a company that both challenges and respects its professionals, and you’ve got what it takes to be a great Product Manager, then apply today.
Acquisition as a result of this vacancy posting is not appreciated.
Full-time
Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 JB, Amsterdam
If you enjoy working with knowledgeable, success oriented people, for a company that both challenges and respects its professionals, and you’ve got what it takes, then apply today. Please contact us at info@careersattpvision.com (please include your CV and a short motivation)

Acquisition as a result of this vacancy posting is not appreciated.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e7e3daf20358707e&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=97207794ca1e89ca&assa=3273,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7e3daf20358707e&fccid=3aa161337aa89cd1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
25,public administration,Indeed,p_70041957f139053f,Product Manager Accessories EU | MMD & AOC,MMD  AOC, Amsterdam,"About TPV Technology
TPV Technology is an internationally-renowned PC monitor, TV and Digital Signage Displays manufacturer. TPV serves as an original design manufacturer for some of the best-known TV , PC and Digital Signage Displays brands in the industry and distributes its products worldwide under its own brands AOC and Envision. In addition, the company designs, produces and sells Philips-branded monitors, TV's and AVA products, Digital Signage Displays and mobile phones through a license agreement with Philips via its subsidiaries TP Vision and MMD. As an example, the company brings high-quality TV sets to the market: smart and easy to use with sophisticated styling. TPV believes in creating products that touch the human senses and are within reach of all consumers in the markets they operate in. As a leader in the hotel industry, their hospitality TV division serves most the world's major international and national hotel groups, as well as individual hotels, hospitals, cruises and other professional facilities.

About the company

MMD is a wholly-owned company by TPV, established in 2009 through a brand license agreement with Philips. MMD exclusively markets and sells Philips-branded LCD displays worldwide. Taking advantage of Philips brand image and TPV’s manufacturing expertise, MMD uses a fast and focused approach to bring innovative products to consumers. MMD serves worldwide markets from major regional offices including Amsterdam, Shanghai, Singapore, São Paulo and Fremont (EPI). Through its network of local sales teams MMD works with all major IT distributors and resellers.

Scope
Amsterdam ( The Netherlands) – The Product Manager is responsible for leading business management activities within Europe for accessories. The Product manager will manage the price realization, volumes and margin and is involved directly on P&L discussions.

Responsibility
Business activities include product range build up and logic from commercial point of view, product lifecycle management, pricing and margin management within Europe and recommendation on channel management strategy. Ownership and accountability differ and it is dependent on seniority.
Identify additional opportunities within the current branded portfolio.
Benchmarking competitor product range and pricing
Project management with Asian HQ Global Product Management
Support regional sales for public or corporate tenders
Defining product positioning and pricing in corporation with Product Managers of other brands being covered by the organisation
Preparing and executing sales trainings
Preparing and executing PR Agency briefings and trainings
Defining and briefing Marcom for all hero and focus products launch campaigns
Business Management analysis and strategy setting for all countries
Close corporation with supply chain to manage stock level and availabilities
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit.
Sample management (monitors/displays) press reviews in corporation with Marcom
Work with sales teams to identify growth opportunities to increase market share, sales and margin
Build & coordinate with assigned market(s) the best product range and line up logic to optimize financial results
Manage price realization & optimize operational margin for assigned markets to reach and exceed targets
Drive product mix improvement
Drive & support implementation of regional strategy to assigned markets
Support for allocation prioritization (to benefit EU region)
Analyse markets and become business expert and support regional leadership to understand challenges and opportunities for assigned markets
Certification management and full control of internal and external operational processes related to business unit


What Do We Offer You
Fulltime position and competitive rewards , based in Amsterdam
An interesting, dynamic, challenging, and fast-moving international working environment
Opportunity to grow true business sense


Education And Related Experience
Bachelor education in Business Administration / Marketing
Experience and track record in product management (strong preference for experience with Consumer Electronics/display products)
In-depth knowledge of markets, pricing, margin management, P&L and strategy
Ability to coordinate business on regional level and at country (senior) level
Experience in product market introductions
Strong verbal and written communication in English (and preferably Dutch and another language)


More Info
If you enjoy working with knowledgeable, success oriented people, for a company that both challenges and respects its professionals, and you've got what it takes to be a great Product Manager, then apply today.

Please contact Chelsea Nguyen (Corporate Recruiter) at Chelsea.nguyen@tpv-tech.com (please include your CV and a short motivation).

Acquisition as a result of this vacancy posting is not appreciated.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=70041957f139053f&fccid=0b2ee46b630ae22e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
26,public administration,Indeed,p_71b11c26190e8c29,Financial Operator - Back Office Professional,Taxture Global, Amsterdam Zuid,"Financial Operator / Back Office Professional

Profile
Taxture (www.Taxture.com) is intending to recruit an experienced Back Office professional.

Therefore we would like to invite enthusiastic financial operations specialists to apply for this

interesting job opportunity. Someone who is eager to help our organization to become even

stronger, while understanding the essence of client relationships and financial operations. Be

aware that within Taxture our definition of Back Office operations does include occasional

contact with the customer. We are a strong service minded company. In this role you will be

responsible for further developing and assisting the finance back-office functions in the likes of

CRM, Client acceptance portfolio (CDD), Order2Cash and Procurement. Strong affinity with

invoice matching and cash collection, including the necessary reconciliations, is key. You will

work closely with our specialist and customers to ensure that we fulfil their requirements to be

their vendor, that we maintain the correct and current engagement relationships as well as

manage all processes required by our customers to ensure our invoices are accepted and paid.

In addition, you will be able to enforce credit control and handle disputes. You will report to and

assist the Finance & Compliance Director. This implies that you understand the concepts of a

professional service firm, whereby the partners and director expect you to be a sparring partner

as well as a driver to make certain that finance and back office operations work as accurate as a

Swiss watch.

About Taxture
Taxture is a fast growing multidisciplinary service firm that as of its start in 2009 has been

involved in advising its clients on complex international tax matters. After its start gradually the

services offerings have been extended, adding tax compliance and audit services. As per 2017

also legal services were added and public notaries have complemented the service practice.

The clients of Taxture consist of multinational organizations as well as large family owned

companies. The practice has an international character. Although the work climate is informal,

advisor teams continuously provide advisory services at the highest levels in order to retain

customer satisfaction.

Our expectations of a good candidate
You have at least 5 years’ experience in finance- and back office operations
You are able to work within two different domains, namely Compliance and Financial ops.
You have a strong focus on processes and able to create new workflows in an efficient and
economic manner
You will make certain that relevant developments and processes are addressed and put on the
agenda professionally
You manage cash flows accurately and make certain that the entire practice is aware that the
cash conversion cycle should be as short as possible
You are representative and capable, verbally and in writing with clients and other departments
in a professional manner
You have the skills to take the lead in structuring our company document management program
You are able to self-start and bring tasks to a successful end
You see it as your personal mission to promptly resolve, or ensure that others resolve, all
situations that if left unattended can eventually lead to loss of revenue

You are able to settle and clear items with a service minded and administrative approach
What knowledge, experience and personal attributes should you have?
A completed education in finance / business administration at HBO level
At least 5 years relevant experience in financial operations and back office related activities
Knowledge and awareness of basic Customer Due Diligence and KYC principles (Compliance)
Knowledge of Order2Cash and Procurement set-up. Preferable in an AFAS/Profit ERP
environment
Experience in designing and fine-tuning of processes
Able to flowchart procedures (within Word or Visio) is considered a pre.
Good communication and problem solving skills
Being hands-on is key
Team player and service oriented attitude
Basic Project management capabilities
Dutch and English language skills verbally and in writing
Independent with a focus on doing things in the interest of the firm
Solid knowledge of Microsoft programs, in particular Excel
Experience with AFAS Profit 10 or other ERP programs
Experience of working in a service organization is a considered a pre
Accurate, integer, flexible and decisive
Our Offer
We offer a package (primary and secondary) of working conditions that are in line with current

market. This is offered in a pleasant, informal and collegial environment, including all facilities to

do your job in a good and professional manner. Our office is located on the South axis in

Amsterdam.


Needless to say that your application will be treated with the highest level of confidence.
Your response
Should you be interested in this opportunity, please send your CV & Motivation to

taner@taxture.com",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=71b11c26190e8c29&fccid=270bfbdb079ec640&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
27,public administration,Indeed,pj_509a717d218a3a63,Junior Financial Controller,Proud People, Amsterdam,"The perfect candidate is a person who started working as a general ledger account and who wants to further grow in financial accounting.2theloo offers you a sound career path with lots of opportunities for personal and professional growth.Tasks:Checking and analysing financial balances per entity;Processing invoices and bank payments for our entities within Europe ;Tracing deviations within the financial administration and correct where necessary;Preparation of the audit files for the auditor for financial statements;Upload of data in monthly reporting template and perform financial analysis;Review of general ledger (balance sheet and P/L) of group companies and liaise with accountants in the countries to check if all recordings are accurate and complete;Document all reconciliation work in the standard checklist;Review tax returns and prepare the necessary reconciliations;Further develop (standard) financial reports and reporting dashboards;Participate in improvement projects and engage in information requests and analysis work;Support the Finance Director in business analysis;What would we like to see in your DNA?Relevant education in Business AdministrationYou have gained experience in a similar positionYou have your stuff organised and can adjust easily when necessaryAccurate, analytical, and stress-resistant are your middle namesYou have a hands-on mentalityFace-to-face, phone, mail, what’s app – you know how to communicateYou and your computer are BFF’s: knowledge of MS Office and accounting systems (preferably Twinfield) is a mustYou are available 5 days per weekWhen you open your mouth Dutch and English comes out fluentlyCompany profileThere is no place like 2theloo.At 2theloo we provide the ultimate public toilet break experience. We do so since 2011, in an extraordinary way with a unique and ambitious team characterized by a playful and entrepreneurial mind-set. Since our start, we’ve grown into 220 locations located in 12 countries at petrol-/railway stations and tourist locations. Our team of colleagues works hard to offer our visitors the ultimate public toilet break experience every day, anytime, anywhere.Now, you can be a part of it!What do we have to offer you?A once in a lifetime opportunity to market a great proven concept worldwideAn informal, dynamic and creative environment to work inA beautiful office located in AmsterdamAn organization with a flexible mindsetAnd obviously… Friday afternoon drinks with your colleaguesSoort dienstverband: Onbepaalde tijdAanvullende betalingen:VakantiegeldArbeidsvoorwaarden:Budget voor professionele ontwikkelingFlexibele werkurenPensioenReiskostenvergoedingVrijdagmiddagborrelWerk vanuit huisWerkschema:Dagdienstma-vr",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0A4ehiOMNPSsw_-hOj-YBzCywySFbGvuXydUdwqla7rhmp-AAhxUpQzvS9N4kra8I3an3wR5UiRuNu6X70U7QxDWyQ7kDooQRTYqA_JDrwZAkvkpcrgrlodqzVPjNEnkMDL-jDIVphD1j4OL6Yzj5k2FX4cUoSevVO0c3iTiHfwQ8K6IZ--xuatqvWjtKYLEWZi5IXUP5Nb5N48Qu5i0n6nbYX6mGmNRldNPRNGyePmeY5Uo9_HgMDLroE8wCYMlQc-5C2-1bqVXeQwMGE6BV60IsgeTD_F6ejSydNyq8oxMrcZMTiHhBAM9CdM6xMo3_wgX8EHWuVSYKVlOCzOCJ6WcUmBNI1oie5BpcXF7lms6rAzcuid8aRBcwjx-ZudhLfqnfDolU4EkT2wIDvm5VZeI3cQjN4bCYbH4il4cm0rpf3WCcsJq2WPwtOql_u0rbxii5t7rVF4m_Rc2QyNUhhpx3S9rl17h81Zmf0bx3fedXpAY6AqSm1z&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
28,public administration,Indeed,p_17d823edd7fd227b,Junior Client Trade Officer,Young Financials, Amsterdam,"Wat breng je?
Bachelor's or Master's degree
0 - 2 years of working experience
Knowledge of financial products
Wat krijg je?
€ 2.800 - €3.000,- gross per month
Extra study budget of € 750
Full commuting allowance
Wat doe je?
40% Client Queries
 30% Process Improvement
 20% Data Analytics Projects
 10% Networking
Introductie
Client Services | Financial Markets | Trade Transactions | Operations | Financial Products | Banking | International | BSc / MSc | Amsterdam | € 2.800 – € 3.000 gross per month (40 hours per week)
Have you completed your Bachelor or Master and are you looking for a starting position within the financial sector? Would you like to work in a highly dynamic and international organization? Do you have strong analytical and communication skills and affinity with financial markets? The position as Junior Client Trade Officer might be interesting for you! Please read on for more information.

Organisatie
Our client is a leading global player in Financial Markets services. They provide professional investors (including professional traders, market makers, brokers and investment parties) access to financial markets and make it possible for these clients to trade in financial products. Furthermore, these investors are supported in complying with law and regulations.

Functie
As Junior Client Trade Officer you are part of the Client Operations team. Client Operations is the entry point to the client for all operational queries. Currently, this business line is in transition. Focus is on digitization, automation of processes and data driven innovation. This leads to a need for ‘new generation’ employees with an innovative mindset.
Responsibilities:
Client contact on a daily basis and helping the client with trade related queries with regard to the full range of the business (Clearing, Settlements, and Reconciliations). Whether by phone, in writing or face to face, you represent the bank and maintain the highest levels of professionalism at all times;
Using innovative thinking you will assist in the continuous improvement of the service;
Networking with various other departments, to ensure the best solutions and service to the clients;
Participation in data analytics en process improvement projects;
You will work through Agile principles and participate in daily stand up meetings and sprints.

Functie-eisen
To be successful as Junior Client Trade Officer, the following should apply:
A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in economics, business economics, business administration or similar;
0 – 2 years of working experience;
Knowledge of financials products and banking;
Strong communication skills;
Real listener and problem solver;
Emphatic, proactive and hands-on mentality;
Excellent in English, spoken and written.

Aanbod
As Junior Client Trade Officer, we offer you:
A challenging job in a highly dynamic and international environment;
Learning on the job from experienced colleagues;
You learn to professionally and effectively communicate with clients, other teams and departments, which allows you to build up a valuable network;
You will get insight into various banking processes, systems, products and regulations of one of the most professional players in the financial markets;
Great career opportunities within the bank.
Young Financials offers you:
Excellent primary and secondary benefits;
€ 2.800 – €3.000,- gross per month (40 hours per week), depending on knowledge and experience;
Extra study budget of € 750 for external education and / or training courses;
24 annual holidays plus paid public holidays;
8% holiday allowance;
Full commuting allowance.

Sollicitatie
 If you wish to receive more information about this job opening, please contact Noortje Slagter via +31 20 489 23 20 or send an e-mail torecruitment@youngfinancials.com",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=17d823edd7fd227b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2631b836fda611fc&assa=7999,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=17d823edd7fd227b&fccid=c47eb3241725a018&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
29,public administration,Indeed,p_52a0c83c07362ed0,Manager EV Charging Europe,NewMotion, Amsterdam,"Can you further accelerate the growth of our EV charging network for EV charging - being one of the largest of Europe - to ensure the best possible coverage and most competitive pricing in Europe? Do you combine a solid experience of selling and buying services in technology oriented and a rapidly growing industry? Do you truly believe in the strength of teamwork? We might be looking for you!

WE ARE NEWMOTION

We are Europe’s largest electric charging partner. We are on a mission to enable everybody to drive as many kilometers as possible powered by clean energy. We do that by offering large scale smart charging solutions to the masses. We contribute to a low-carbon world by making EV charging easy, accessible and smart, with the best expertise, highest quality & service.
WHAT YOU’LL BE IN CHARGE OF

NewMotion provides leading Customer Value Propositions for EV charging at home, at the office or when on the go. Part of our service offering consists of enabling public charging, both on our own chargepoint network as well as on the networks of others (‘roaming’) for our customers.

As Manager EV Charging Europe you will have the responsibility for the roaming network of NewMotion - the largest EV Charging network in Europe with 170 thousand chargers - and you are tasked with a.o. acquisition of new roaming partners, management of existing partners, commercial conditions including pricing, monitoring and enhancing the quality of services. Additionally, you will be responsible for selling access to the NewMotion managed charge point network to third parties eMobility Service Providers. You will be tasked with the management of the roaming team consisting of a roaming Manager and a charge point data manager.
We are looking for a Manager EV Charging Europe that will enable the next phase of growth of our Roaming network and further enhance our competitive position. to head the roaming team. This team is part of the Roaming and Driver Services department. The department is responsible for the commercial activities, proposition management, commercial project management and product development and is focusing on end-users, corporate and wholesale customers.

THIS IS HOW YOU’LL CONTRIBUTE

To extend and optimize the NewMotion roaming network, a key differentiator to our public charging services;
Contract negotiations including roaming tariffs and conditions;
Represent NewMotion in the country specific industry associations including for example task groups such as pricing transparency;
Roaming contracts administration and management;
Management of roaming tariffs (business to business and end-user);
Responsible introduction of new and updated partnerships, tariff changes, etc;
Driver Data (POI information) of the NewMotion roaming charge point network;
Monitor the market and provide insights;
Subject Matter Expert and support the organisation with relevant info (Sales tenders, Customer Support, etc);
Work closely with the product - and proposition managers to further develop the roaming services;
Management of Charge Point Data Managers and Partner Managers;
Motivate and guide direct reports to optimize the knowledge and performance level;
Performing development plan of direct reports to ensure further development..

THIS IS WHO YOU ARE

Master degree in Engineering, Business, Economics or similar;
At least 5 -7 years experience in a comparable position or 10 years in a similar type of industry e.g. telco -, internet -, financial - or mobility service sector with extensive experience with:
Relationship management;
Sales
B2B Purchasing;
Regulatory
Contract negotiation on European/ international level;
Strong communicator;
Experiences with people management, preferable 2 to 3 years;
Have or develop a deep understanding of the EV-roaming market (commercial / strategic terms, technical possibilities, legal/regulatory);
Experience reviewing/preparing contracts;
Quickly understands a highly complex product & market, both from a technology as from a business point of view.
Comfortable in relating and coordinating with different departments, from developers to finance and update at different levels in the organization
Language requirements: Fluent English is a must and German, French, Dutch are preferred.
Result driven and able to work with tight deadlines.
Location flexibility including regular travel to the Netherlands (post Covid)

BECOME PART OF THE CHANGE
Working at NewMotion means working in a fun, fast-growing international company with big ambitions.
By joining us, you will:

Contribute to a more sustainable future;
Become an expert in e-mobility;
Work in an open and transparent culture with colleagues from all over the world;
Receive a competitive salary that fits your experience + bonus;
Receive a MacBook;
Enjoy daily healthy lunches, prepared by our masterchefs;
Develop your skills and expertise through several trainings. Besides this, you will receive a personal training budget and set your annual goals with your personal development plan;
Enjoy our fun weekly get-togethers (drinks), our annual winter and summer outing, NewMotion running team on the Dam tot Damloop, or any other event initiated by colleagues!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=52a0c83c07362ed0&fccid=4b8e2b7cccf93b18&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
30,public administration,Indeed,p_6ae68aeb4b7e22dd,SOX Controls Manager,Jefferson Wells, Amsterdam,"Functieomschrijving

Working as a SOX Manager you are expected to autonomously manage SOX program activities related to business process controls documentation and testing. Also, actively look for areas of improvements in the SOX program and function, mitigate risks within the scope of the approved program, as well as maintain and strengthen the role of the department as a valued business partner.

The SOX Manager will be responsible for developing the global SOX compliance strategy, program roadmap and plan, and executing on the plan to implement the SOX compliance program. This role will also provide oversight to audit activities as it relates to SOX or otherwise as needed. In this position you will be reporting to the Head of Internal Audit, Risk & Control.

Your responsibilities will be the following:

Maintain strong working relationships and remain engaged with business finance and functional leaders to stay up-to-date on business operations and emerging risks to provide input to internal audit and SOX risk assessment and planning activities.
Oversee and manage SOX program activities and the SOX business process controls team to complete the annual SOX plan as scheduled within the allotted time frame and budget.
Provide timely, clear, relevant and actionable feedback, tailored to the specific business environment, regarding SOX findings/deficiencies or opportunities for improvement.
Draft SOX audit reports or other deliverables in a timely manner with minimal revisions required.
Manage the process for follow-up on outstanding audit findings and SOX deficiencies.
Lead internal audit and external, co-sourced resources to ensure work is completed timely, accurately and adheres to department policies and procedures.
Maintain and continuously improve the SOX program methodology, processes and department policies and procedures.
Serve as a key liaison with the external auditors to plan and coordinate quarterly and annual SOX audit activities.
Communicate expectations and provide training or other guidance to business process owners and control owners regarding SOX compliance requirements.
Functie-eisen
To successfully execute this role, the following skills are required:
University degree preferably in economics, finance, accounting & audit and/or business administration
Professional certification such as CPA, CIA, ACCA, CIMA, CISA or similar
Thorough knowledge of, experience in working with, accounting theory, internal control and auditing standards, particularly exceptional knowledge of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act and its implementation in a US publicly traded company
Minimum of 6+ years audit, SOX and/or internal controls experience in public accounting and/or internal audit function in a large international company, including prior experience managing within a SOX program or audit department for a US publicly traded company
Knowledge and experience with IT systems, particularly SAP and SAP GRC, and IT SOX controls is a plus.
Strong project management skills and ability to effectively manage external resources and indirect reports
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively with people at all levels and across the company
Fluent business English is required. Knowledge of other languages is a strong advantage
Beside those skills, we are also looking for someone who has excellent communication and presentation skills combined with being a strong teamplayer. You have to have the ability to process and analyze information and develop related action plans.
Over het bedrijf
The company is the world's biggest international provider of essential chemistry.

The SOX program is part of the Internal Audit, Risk Management and Internal Control function that employs about 20 FTEs in several locations across the globe (Europe, USA, China). This position shall be located at the US Corporate HQ in Radnor, PA and in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. You will be required to travel 50% of the time.
Arbeidsvoorwaarden
Salary €7.000 - €8.000 gross per month
Travel allowance: €0.19 cent per km
40 hours workweek
Willingness to travel 50% or more of the time
Are you interested in this position? Apply here!
Contactinformatie
For more information please contact Roos Hof via roos.hof@jeffersonwells.nl or call 06-48437287.
Nu solliciteren
Vul je email adres in om deze vacature naar jezelf te sturen
Email vacature
Email adres *
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Verzenden
Waar ga je werken?
Contactgegevens consultant
Roos Hof
roos.hof@jeffersonwells.nl
06-48437287
Deel deze vacature",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6ae68aeb4b7e22dd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e6f293548a3d0cae&assa=6312,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6ae68aeb4b7e22dd&fccid=a6fc9cd5eced3460&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
31,public administration,Indeed,p_d98af5bd524d1533,Analyst (Working student) Treasury Technology (NL),Zanders, Bussum,"Our corporate client department serves as a trusted advisor to many large multi-national corporations around the world. Because of our successful growth and number of client engagements, we are looking for an analyst to support our team!

Your role

You will be supporting our consulting team in a variety of different areas which will give you a broad experience of working in a specialized, high quality consulting firm. These include the development of new products and services, leading-edge research in the areas of Treasury, Risk and Finance and assisting in the sales and business development processes. You will collaborate with our Consultants to deliver the best possible products and services to our clients.

As an Analyst your role within the team is to be proactive, have a keen understanding of the goal of the project and offer creative and innovative ideas on various topics. You have an interest treasury, risk and technology solutions and are passionate about bringing ideas to life. You are always looking for new ways to learn and to be continuously challenged.

Your profile
Master student in for example Finance, Business Administration or Economics
A particular interest in consulting, treasury management and technology
Creative and analytically strong, and have good communication skills
Excellent knowledge of Powerpoint and Excel
Available at least 2 days a week
Fluent English is required
We offer in return

We offer you the opportunity to work alongside our highly specialised, experienced consultants within our Corporate Clients department. You will be working from our head office in Bussum (if possible due to the current climate), receive an appropriate salary and full reimbursement of travel expenses. We are an ambitious and enthusiastic team and focus on team spirit, sharing knowledge, fun and personal development.

Who we are

We are a leading international consultancy firm focused on Treasury Management, Risk Management and Corporate Finance. From our offices in the Netherlands, Belgium, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Nordics, United States and Japan our 190 consultants service corporates, financial institutions, public sector entities and NGO’s.

We believe that developing our people by investing in them and by sharing knowledge and experiences is our differentiator and key to success. That is why we create an inspiring work environment and foster our open, family atmosphere in which freedom, fun and flexibility play an important role. It is also why we aim to make our next project even more exciting and challenging. An example of this is the Zanders Talent Program for graduate consultants which is shown in the clip below.

By applying for a role at Zanders, you give us approval to use and retain your personal details. Taking into account Zanders’ nature of enterprise, you are expected to behave to a high moral standard. A Pre-Employment Screening (PES) by a third party is part of the application process.

Bekijk ook de testimonial van collega

Niels Felix",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d98af5bd524d1533&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7731c64a0cb93190&assa=2499,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d98af5bd524d1533&fccid=f5f62002921a5e79&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
32,public administration,Indeed,p_782c12c2e2b0ddae,Customer Service Specialist (m/f) - Dutch Speaking,FashionUnited, Amsterdam,"COMPANY PROFILE
FashionUnited is a fully independent international B2B fashion platform. Globally active, the platform reaches over 1 million fashion professionals per month. Visitors can browse their local website in their native language with the latest fashion news, trade statistics, directory, display advertising, job board, events, eMarket and the FashionUnited Network on which fashion professionals can connect, discuss and share ideas. FashionUnited, more fun and efficiency in fashion!
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR
At FashionUnited you’ll meet team players that are open minded, international and say “yes” to new challenges. As the online world is changing daily, we adapt, react and embrace change. We are constantly developing new HR-, Marketing- & IT solutions, to serve our clients’ needs. Also our editors identify new ways to present the latest fashion news in the most visitor friendly way. We like to move, we don’t stand still. What about you? Joining the FashionUnited crew means that you love diversity and are passionate about what you do.
For its continuously and rapidly expanding team FashionUnited is looking to recruit a
Customer Service Specialist (m/f) - Dutch Speaking

RESPONSABILITIES

The Customer Service Specialist is responsible for administrative and commercial support to the Regional Manager and (Key) Account managers.


Administrative and commercial support to Regional Manager and (Key) Account managers;
Inform customers about FashionUnited and consult them on how to work with FashionUnited;
Carrying out operational process of vacancy publications (posting, editing, unpublishing);
Assist sales team with banner uploading, IT issues and reporting (jobs or banner statistics);
Follow up on inquiries from individual customers via phone or email;
Maintain proper customer administration in CRM system;
Build and maintain customer satisfaction;
Follow set procedures and processes.

CANDIDATE PROFILE


MBO+ degree or equivalent level through experience;
Native speaking Dutch, any additional language is a plus;
English at a sufficient level (spoken and written) to communicate with customers;
Strong communication skills;
Proactive and flexible with the ability to manage your time effectively and work independently;
Eager and energized to further grow the business and meet desired growth targets;
Affinity with online- and social media;
Knowledge of and affinity with the fashion industry.

BENEFITS


International, young team and work environment
Contact with fashion companies from all over the world
Regular office drinks
Legendary team events
Easy access to public transport

Position based in Amsterdam. Competitive remuneration package.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Please send your CV and cover letter to:
FashionUnited World Wide Ltd.
Kirsty Lippens
hr@fashionunited.com
Reference: Customer Service Specialist (m/f) - Dutch Speaking",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=782c12c2e2b0ddae&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=aaf0d0d182e3fb13&assa=109,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=782c12c2e2b0ddae&fccid=b9ae0663dfab9164&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
33,public administration,Indeed,p_014e571cef2306c2,Financial Account Manager - CE Services,TRUSTMOORE, Amsterdam,"Would you like to work as a Financial Account Manager in a company with an informal culture and be responsible for your own
client portfolio from A to Z?
Then you are the
FINANCIAL ACCOUNT MANAGER – CORPORATE EXPANSION SERVICES

we are looking for!

What you will do?

As a Financial Account Manager (FAM) you work closely with your colleagues of the Corporate Expansion Team in order to

continuously exceed our clients’ expectations. In this position, you are responsible for managing the financial activities concerning a

diverse client portfolio. You will be the main point of contact for your clients and be responsible for a wide range of administrative

and financial tasks, such as bookkeeping, periodic reporting’s and preparing statutory financial reports..


Other responsibilities are:
Set-up and maintain financial administrations, databases and other reporting systems;
Prepare periodic financial reports, budgets and cash flow statements;
Cash management including management of bank accounts and payment instructions;
Monitor transactions of the client companies;
Maintain an organized planning of work to ensure timely and accurate filing of administrative records;
Maintain close contact with auditors, tax advisors, lawyers, notaries and other external parties in order to obtain the
required information for reporting purposes;


Where will you be working?

Working at Trustmoore means working in a dynamic company with great colleagues and an international environment. At

Trustmoore, we score as a team and our colleagues are on top of their game.

Trustmoore is a boutique-style corporate service provider with four lines of business: Fund Services, Structured Finance & Capital

Markets Services, Multi Family Office Services and Corporate Expansion Services.

You will be working in the Corporate Expansion Team, and we pride ourselves of working with well-known law firms, tax advisors,

banks and notary firms. We want to excel in what we do, nothing more, nothing less. Word of mouth marketing is the best form of

advertisement for us.


You will be working in one of the most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, in chic buildings within walking distance from the Vondelpark.

Our garden is ideal for barbecue gatherings and celebrations. Our office is easily accessible by both private and public transport.

You will receive a competitive salary, pension and international career opportunities in our other offices. You can also benefit and

participate in:
TM Academy with soft skills, knowledge and leadership development trainings;
Regular sport events with your colleagues;
Our annual ski trip;
Interaction with more than 50 international colleagues in Amsterdam and more than 170 colleagues worldwide;
Extensive lunches and fresh fruit provided by the office;

How do you fit in the team?


As a Financial Account Manager, you need to manage ad-hoc activities, next to your intensive client contact and daily work. In this

position, you need to prioritize what is important, have a hands-on and independent work mentality and be able to deal with stress.

A helicopter view is required, since you are responsible for the complete financial processes and reporting deadlines of your clients.

You are proactive, know what you are capable of, possess good communication skills and not afraid of asking questions.


Other relevant qualifications for this profile:
Bachelor / Master’s in Business Administration, Accounting or equivalent;
At least 2 years’ accounting experience;
Knowledge of accounting standards (Dutch GAAP and IFRS is a pre) ,
Knowledge of tax and compliance aspects is a pre;
Fluent in English (verbal and written);
Self-motivated and able to work independently and as a part of a team

Do you recognize yourself in this profile? We can’t wait to meet you!

If you have any questions about the position or about Trustmoore please contact Pauline Wolf, by email

pauline.wolf@trustmoore.com or by phone +3120 471 2707.





About us


We make success possible. Success for our clients by providing high-quality services, however also success for our colleagues by

providing you with personal and professional growth opportunities to help you reach your full potential. Just as we help our clients

reach their goals.

The foundation of our success is delivering true value through long term relations. That applies to our clients and colleagues. We’re

in it for the long run, that creates value for us and for you.

This results in a very personal and informal company culture with a healthy work-life balance.

We are proud of that and we call it being professional in a non-corporate way.


Do you want to learn more about us?

Check our website https://www.trustmoore.com/careers/


By sending in your personal details for this job application, you give your consent that those details will be saved in our database for application purposes.

After the termination of your application procedure, we will delete your details from our database. Obviously, we will treat your details with care, with

confidentiality and we will not share those with third parties.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=014e571cef2306c2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=50b2327918b80656&assa=1527,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=014e571cef2306c2&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
34,public administration,Indeed,p_2a0730efed9bbaa6,Housekeeping Intern,Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht, Amsterdam,"Andaz; the Hindi meaning of ""personal style"". Local inspirations, simplified luxuries, uncompromised service and leading edge design.

We are looking for a Housekeeping Management Trainee!

‘Do you have an eye for detail and do want to be a motivator?’

YES, because you want…
…to be a buzzing central centipede;
…to independently lead a daily team of 15 people;
…to be responsible for the daily operations, group arrivals and VIP rooms;
…to obtain full understanding of all areas of the Housekeeping operations: rooms, public areas, laundry, housemen, minibar, deep cleaning projects, uniforms and stock control and purchasing;
…to take on challenges and tackle this in a team effort;
…to know all ins and outs regarding Housekeeping administration, including scheduling, working hours, dry cleaning registration for accounting, linen stock control, tracking of credits and quality checks, stock control and purchasing.

And you are…
…currently enrolled in a hospitality or tourism-related study program;
…trustworthy;
...always seeking for opportunities and creative solutions that enhance efficiency and effectiveness;
…hands-on, pro-active and enthusiastic;
…available for five months or longer;
…not afraid to make decisions;
…detail-oriented and approachable;
…very communicative in English.
WE offer:
A great place to work;
An entry into the World of Hyatt, where internships may lead into jobs;
International working experience;
Great intern working conditions (read: housing and meals, loads of training opportunities, potential career planning, discounts all over the world and let’s not forget about our social activities…!)

If the above is what you want and who you are, please send us your CV and tell us all about you",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2a0730efed9bbaa6&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1fdc5884d17477ea&assa=4038,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a0730efed9bbaa6&fccid=a90bdf85110864b7&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
35,public administration,Indeed,p_08a99f8a114b4fb2,"Marketing, Events & Communications Support Intern",GRESB, Amsterdam,"We are looking for an enthusiastic, energetic intern to join our small marketing, events and communications team in a support role. The internship will provide you with a broad range of marketing and communications experience and help you develop your professional skills and competencies. Please be sure to look at the Assignment activities listed below. Applications without the completed assignment will not be considered. Applicants must be students and are eligible to/have a visa to work in the EU.

Assignment
***Please complete the assignment (two short tasks) detailed at the link below and submit it alongside your application. Applications without the completed assignment will not be considered and will not receive a reply email.
Link: gresb-prd-public.s3.amazonaws.com/2020/2020_MarComs_Internship_Assignment+_July.docx

About GRESB
GRESB was launched eleven years ago by a group of large pension funds who wanted to have a better engagement with their managers on sustainability issues. In the intervening years, we have grown to become the leading Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) benchmark for real estate and infrastructure investments across the world.
Our ESG data and benchmarks now cover over USD 4.5 trillion in real estate and infrastructure value and are used by more than 100 institutional investors to make decisions that lead to a more sustainable world.
We have an engaged community of asset managers who are proud to participate in our annual benchmarking process and a group of inspirational industry partners and ESG service providers who amplify our reach.
The GRESB team comes from diverse backgrounds with experience spanning sustainability, data science, software development, real estate, infrastructure, and the capital markets. We’re passionate about tackling the sustainability challenge by providing insights that will power the markets of the future and enable investors to allocate the world’s capital in a more responsible way.
We are an energetic group of 30+ people, covering dozens of different nationalities, located in Amsterdam, with satellite offices in Washington DC and Sydney. We care deeply about creating a positive and inclusive working environment where everyone feels comfortable contributing their ideas.
Responsibilities
Marketing & Communications:
Updating and maintaining the gresb.com website via Wordpress, including Partner directory and event calendar
Event and partner promotion through social media
Working with partners on the publication of content on our blog GRESB Insights
Supporting the use of Salesforce (CRM) and Pardot (integrated marketing tool)
Helpdesk
Member logo maintenance
Events & Training:
Assistance with marketing, logistics and partner collaborations for the 2021 GRESB Results events
Maintaining our master events-tracking sheet
Requirements
You are currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a field related to Marketing, Business, Management, Administration, or Communications. Applicants who are not students during the internship will not be considered;
You are eligible to work in the EU and have a visa (Unfortunately, we cannot sponsor you for an EU work permit for this position);
You have good collaboration skills;
You have a native-level of written and spoken English;
You are very well organized, self-sufficient and able to work in a busy, international environment;
You have a high degree of comfort using common software packages and online tools (Excel, Word, Powerpoint). Experience of using design software, Wordpress is a plus; CSS is plus;
Benefits
Involvement in a dynamic international organization, that has become the leading sustainability benchmark for real assets;
Opportunity to work with a highly talented team in a supportive environment with loads of camaraderie;
Autonomy and the chance to take responsibility for tasks from the beginning of your internship;
The opportunity to develop your network by being involved with all types of GRESB stakeholders (Investors, fund managers, sustainability consultants and industry bodies);
You will develop experience in office management, including using Salesforce – the world's leading Customer Relationship Management (CRM) solutions – and Pardot;
Hungry? We provide a free and healthy lunch at the office;
Need to commute? You will enjoy free public transport to and from work inside the Netherlands.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=08a99f8a114b4fb2&fccid=2d473e75a8e62b4d&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
36,public administration,Indeed,p_83c3511595c6157b,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=97d7680c1b968268&assa=7789,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=83c3511595c6157b&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
37,public administration,Indeed,p_dac3c25525bf7241,Housekeeping Management Internship for Students,Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht, Amsterdam Centrum,"Andaz; the Hindi meaning of ""personal style"". Local inspirations, simplified luxuries, uncompromised service and leading edge design.

‘Do you have an eye for detail and do want to be a motivator?’


YES, because you want…
to be a buzzing central centipede;to independently lead a daily team of 15 people;to be responsible for the daily operations, group arrivals and VIP rooms;to obtain full understanding of all areas of the Housekeeping operations: rooms, public areas, laundry, housemen, minibar, deep cleaning projects, uniforms and stock control and purchasing;to take on challenges and tackle this in a team effort;to know all ins and outs regarding Housekeeping administration, including scheduling, working hours, dry cleaning registration for accounting, linen stock control, tracking of credits and quality checks, stock control and purchasing.

And you are…
currently enrolled in a hospitality or tourism-related study program;trustworthy;always seeking for opportunities and creative solutions that enhance efficiency and effectiveness;hands-on, pro-active and enthusiastic;available for five months or longer;not afraid to make decisions;detail-oriented and approachable;very communicative in English and ideally in Dutch

WE offer:
A great place to work with a canal view;An entry into the World of Hyatt, where internships may lead into jobs;International working experience;Great intern working conditions (read: housing and meals, loads of training opportunities, potential career planning, discounts all over the world and let’s not forget about our social activities…!)

If the above is what you want and who you are, please send us your CV and tell us all about you!

Please note we do not provide visas/assistance with work permits for non-EU students.

About Andaz Amsterdam Prinsengracht

The 122-room Andaz Amsterdam hotel is located in the historic centre of Amsterdam, on the site of the former Public Library on Amsterdam's Prinsengracht, ""Prince Canal"", and within close walking distance from Amsterdam's major attractions. The upscale boutique hotel is part of the rich cultural character of the lively Jordaan district, home to Amsterdam's main modern art galleries and fashion houses.
The hotel's superb location in central Amsterdam offers convenient accessibility to the city's prime retail, cultural and business districts and this makes Andaz Amsterdam the ideal base for both leisure and business travellers.
The design concept of Andaz Amsterdam and the stylish allure of the rooms reflect a modern view of Dutch history. The boutique hotel is developed according to the highest quality standards with a special focus on sustainability. Only on the outside is the original building recognisable, behind the façade lies a world-class hotel.
In line with other Andaz branded hotels, Andaz Amsterdam combines the best of lifestyle and boutique hotels with a contemporary and personal approach.

About BLUESPOON

Modern Dutch Cuisine & Award-Winning Cocktails
Adding a playful touch to a special dining experience, in which every seasonal plate is a fresh and colourful work of art. The menu celebrates the team’s favourite local ingredients, presenting modern Dutch cuisine with a creative edge. Enter the quirky Marcel Wanders-designed setting on Amsterdam’s canals, and choose to sink into a cozy corner in the bar with a craft cocktail in hand, or get comfortable in the quirky interiors of the restaurant with its buzzing open kitchen.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=dac3c25525bf7241&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=fe0353ca81353343&assa=3829,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dac3c25525bf7241&fccid=a90bdf85110864b7&vjs=3,9 dagen geleden,9 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
38,public administration,Indeed,p_0f281b39d0b4874f,Associate (Infrastructure) - Member Relations,GRESB, Amsterdam,"We are pleased to be recruiting an Associate in the Member Relations team within a growing company that is currently upgrading and upscaling its Sales, Marketing, and Member Support activities. The Associate will report to the Member Relations Director and provide direct support to the regional sales teams. He or she will be based in Europe, but be responsible for the Infrastructure business line globally.
The overall objective of the Member Relations Team is to ensure that current members achieve their desired outcomes when using GRESB products and services. Our members include the largest institutional investors, investment managers, and infrastructure asset operators globally, as well as ESG-focused service and solution providers who support them.

The role involves a broad range of tasks including maintaining ongoing member relationships and implementing member growth programs; as well as contributing to sales, member onboarding, contracting, and renewals. The Associate will use internal and external data to monitor member interactions, improve member experience through product support.

Responsibilities

Assist the Member Relations Director in developing, implementing and managing member success strategy/structure/program
Maximize member retention via proactive relationship-focused member engagement
Sustain business growth and profitability by maximizing value for GRESB members and taking advantage of upselling and cross-selling opportunities
Streamline and manage the on-boarding, contracting and renewal processes
Help develop a data-driven approach to improving member experience based on user data (e.g., from Salesforce, Pardot and the GRESB Portal) as well as from member interactions including surveys
Help develop action-orientated user guides and learning resources (e.g., articles, videos, case studies) to run members through product features and demonstrate best practice use cases
Hold product/service demonstrations for members, including the effective use of GRESB data and tools
Evaluate and improve the GRESB training program, including developing a calendar of webinars that educate members on how to use GRESB products and services
Maintain ongoing member relationships, including support in GRESB (networking) events
Help to develop testing and price modelling of new products on existing members
Assist the finance and administration team with chasing outstanding accounts receivables
Attend Governance Group Meetings
Requirements
3-7 years’ experience in account management, investment/asset management or consulting in the financial/real asset sector (ideally Infrastructure)
Experience delivering client-focused solutions to customer needs
Natural relationship builder with integrity, reliability and maturity
Self-motivated and able to thrive in a results- and mission-driven environment
Excellent communication skills with the ability to liaise effectively with all levels of internal and external stakeholders
Experience in upselling and cross-selling methodologies used to prospect within the account, and in consulting with the member on business issues
Proven ability to juggle multiple account management projects at a time, while maintaining sharp attention to detail
Proficiency with utilizing all manner of technology to advance member-facing operations, including: CRM, knowledge base, communication tools (including electronic and social media), resource planning tools, service level management
Fluency in English is mandatory - other language skills are a plus
Must possess the right to work in the European Union
Benefits
A central role in a team which is at the heart of GRESB that influences all aspects of what we do
Involvement in a fast-growing international organization that is globally recognized as the leading sustainability benchmark for real assets
Competitive salary package with extensive benefits, including a discretionary bonus of up to 20% on your gross income
Personal development budget of EUR 2,500
Autonomy in your work with responsibility for your own projects in an international working environment
Travel to meetings, conferences, and events in Europe and around the world
Free public transport to and from work inside the Netherlands
Work from home or work from the office: we have adopted a hybrid way of working that supports your preference, depending on COVID 19 regulations
Company pension plan

COVID-19 update
For the safety of our employees and following the measures implemented due to COVID-19, we currently work differently. Our hiring process is remote via video calls. New hires may have a remote onboarding.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0f281b39d0b4874f&fccid=2d473e75a8e62b4d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
39,public administration,Indeed,p_8228f113e447a1af,Customer Service Specialist (m/f) German Speaking,FashionUnited, Amsterdam,"COMPANY PROFILE
FashionUnited is an independent platform which collects, creates and communicates content relevant to the industry. As fashion's most trusted global network for 20 years, it provides a competitive recruitment advantage for the world’s leading brands through storytelling and branding. Established in over 30 countries and 9 languages, FashionUnited optimizes the industry's way of working - making it more efficient and transparent.
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR
At FashionUnited you’ll meet team players that are open minded, international and say “yes” to new challenges. As the online world is changing daily, we adapt, react and embrace change. We are constantly developing new HR-, Marketing- & IT solutions, to serve our clients’ needs. Also our editors identify new ways to present the latest fashion news in the most visitor friendly way. We like to move, we don’t stand still. What about you? Joining the FashionUnited crew means that you love diversity and are passionate about what you do.
For its continuously and rapidly expanding team FashionUnited is looking to recruit a
Customer Service Specialist (m/f) German Speaking

RESPONSIBILITIES

The Customer Service Specialist is responsible for administrative and commercial support to the Regional Manager and (Key) Account managers.


Administrative and commercial support to Regional Manager and (Key) Account managers;
Inform customers about FashionUnited and consult them on how to work with FashionUnited;
Carrying out operational process of vacancy publications (posting, editing, unpublishing);
Assist sales team with banner uploading, IT issues and reporting (jobs or banner statistics);
Follow up on inquiries from individual customers via phone or email;
Maintain proper customer administration in CRM system;
Build and maintain customer satisfaction;
Follow set procedures and processes.

CANDIDATE PROFILE


MBO+ degree or equivalent level through experience;
Native speaking German, any additional language is a plus;
English at a sufficient level (spoken and written) to communicate with customers;
Strong communication skills;
Proactive and flexible with the ability to manage your time effectively and work independently;
Eager and energized to further grow the business and meet desired growth targets;
Affinity with online- and social media;
Knowledge of and affinity with the fashion industry.

BENEFITS


International, young team and work environment
Contact with fashion companies from all over the world
Regular office drinks
Legendary team events
Easy access to public transport

Position based in Amsterdam. Competitive remuneration package.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Please send your CV and cover letter to:
FashionUnited World Wide Ltd.
Kirsty Lippens
hr@fashionunited.com
Reference: Customer Service Specialist (m/f) German Speaking",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8228f113e447a1af&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0c3dfdb102580889&assa=6483,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8228f113e447a1af&fccid=b9ae0663dfab9164&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
40,public administration,Indeed,p_89c42639bf2a0b48,Site Contracts Specialist with Dutch language- Europe,Syneos Health Clinical, Amsterdam,"Site Contracts Specialist with Dutch language- Europe - (20008855)

Description

We at Syneos Health are currently looking for an experienced contract negotiator with Dutch to be a part of our team in Netherlands. This role is remotely available troughout European region.

JOB SUMMARY

Administers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements.
May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Administers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.

 May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.
Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.
Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.
Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.

Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.

Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.

 Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.

Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.

 Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.

Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.

Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.

Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.

Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.

Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.

 Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.

 Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.


Qualifications
QUALIFICATION & REQUIREMENTS

BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.
High level of contracts management experience.
Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.
Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.
Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.
Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.
Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.
Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.
Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.
Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.
Good vendor management skills.
Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.
Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.
Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.
Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.

Disclaimer:
Tasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees.#LI-JP1


Primary Location: Europe - NLD-Amsterdam-Oval-Tower
Other Locations: Europe - TUR-Home-Based, Europe - DEU-Home-Based, Europe - CHE-Home-Based, Europe - HUN-Home-Based, Europe - GBR-Edinburgh-Technopole, Europe - LVA-Home-Based, Europe - GBR-Home-Based, Europe - ESP-Home-Based (Madrid), Europe - BEL-Home-Based, Europe - LTU-Home-Based, Europe - GRC-Home-Based, Europe - CZE-Home-Based, Europe - ESP-Home-Based (Barcelona), Europe - POL-Home-Based, Europe - PRT-Home-Based, Europe - NOR-Home-Based, Europe - ROU-Home-Based, Europe - EST-Home-Based, Europe - RUS-Home-Based, Europe - SWE-Home-Based, Europe - IRL-Home-Based, Europe - FRA-Home-Based, Europe - SRB-Home-Based, Europe - UKR-Home-Based, Europe - GBR-Farnborough-1-Pinehurst, Europe - SVN-Home-Based, Europe - DNK-Denmark-Home-Based
Job: Site Operations
Schedule: Full-time
Travel: No
Employee Status: Regular",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=89c42639bf2a0b48&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2f1a3d1294d65805&assa=7323,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=89c42639bf2a0b48&fccid=772a1485bbbe4156&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
41,public administration,Indeed,p_2798644414eb337c,Tutorial teachers / bachelor thesis supervisors (Political Science),Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, AmsterdamZuidoost,"The Department of Political Science and Public Administration is looking for a tutorial teacher and supervisor for the Bachelor Thesis of the the international bachelor programme Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) at the John Stuart Mill College of the Vrije Universtieit Amsterdam . As tutorial teacher/thesis supervisor you will work in the College with a team of colleagues in the same role.


Location: AMSTERDAM

FTE: 0,2 - 0,4
Job description
The position involves two closely related tasks: teaching a tutorial in April 2020 and supervising the writing of bachelor theses in May-June (with a retake opportunity in July).


Your duties
In the role of tutorial teacher, you will supervise a group (or two groups) of 4 students studying literature on a particular theme in political science
In the role of thesis supervisor, you will guide the same group of students in their research for and writing of a bachelor thesis
At the end of the semester (end of June, beginning of July), you will grade the theses using a prepared format
Requirements
A completed (or nearly completed) PhD degree in Political Science (or a closely related discipline);
Excellent research and writing skills;
Excellent command of the English language;
The ability to work in a team as well as independently;
The ability to work in an interdisciplinary and multicultural environment
Experience in teaching and thesis supervision is appreciated but not strictly required for the position.
What are we offering?
A challenging position in a socially involved organization, and an exciting opportunity to contribute to an ambitious and international bachelor programme with highly motivated students. You will receive guidance for your tasks by the PPE core staff.


The starting date is March 15, 2021 and the end date is 31 July, 2021 (4,5 months).


On full-time basis the remuneration amounts to a minimum gross monthly salary of €3,491 (scale 10.5) and a maximum €4,402 (scale 11.5), depending on your education and experience. The job profile: is based on the university job ranking system and is vacant for at least 0.2 FTE. Additionally, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam offers excellent fringe benefits and various schemes and regulations to promote a good work/life balance, such as:
8% holiday allowance and 8.3% end-of-year bonus
contribution to commuting expenses.

About Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
The ambition of Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is clear: to contribute to a better world through outstanding education and ground-breaking research. We strive to be a university where personal development and commitment to society play a leading role. A university where people from different disciplines and backgrounds collaborate to achieve innovations and to generate new knowledge. Our teaching and research encompass the entire spectrum of academic endeavour – from the humanities, the social sciences and the natural sciences through to the life sciences and the medical sciences.


Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is home to more than 26,000 students. We employ over 4,600 individuals. The VU campus is easily accessible and located in the heart of Amsterdam’s Zuidas district, a truly inspiring environment for teaching and research.


Diversity

We are an inclusive university community. Diversity is one of our most important values. We believe that engaging in international activities and welcoming students and staff from a wide variety of backgrounds enhances the quality of our education and research. We are always looking for people who can enrich our world with their own unique perspectives and experiences.


Faculty of Social Sciences

The Faculty of Social Sciences examines the major social problems of our time from multiple perspectives. From bullying at school to dealing with transnational immigration, from the rise of populist politicians to creating a self-reliant society. Only at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam you will find all the academic disciplines needed to understand these 'wicked problems': alongside the traditional disciplines such as sociology, anthropology and politics, we also research and teach the new social sciences such as communication science and management & organization science. We do not settle for easy answers in our teaching and research. Our researchers and students are critical thinkers and doers who work together to devise surprising solutions to the problems of today.


Working at the Faculty of Social Sciences means working with colleagues from a range of academic disciplines in an inspiring and personal work and study environment with excellent research facilities. We employ more than 250 staff members, and we are home to around 2,500 students.


The bachelor programme Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE)

Since September 2016, the John Stuart Mill College of VU Amsterdam offers an international bachelor programme in Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE). The PPE programme ( www.vu.nl/ppe ) is a joint initiative of three faculties of VU Amsterdam. As tutorial teacher/thesis supervisor you will work in the College with a team of colleagues in the same role.
Application
Are you interested in this position? Please apply (addressing your letter to Prof. Dr. Bastiaan van Apeldoorn Head of Studies PPE for Politics), via the application button and upload your curriculum vitae and cover letter until 15 February 2021 .

The job interviews are planned for the final week of February and will take place via Zoom, when possible please take them into account when applying for the position.


Applications received by e-mail will not be processed.


Vacancy questions

If you have any questions regarding this vacancy, you may contact:


Name: Boris Slijper

Position: PPE Opleidingscoördinator

E-mail: b.slijper.vu.nl

Telephone: + 31 (0)6 15011778



No agencies",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=2798644414eb337c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=987a933515912ce2&assa=8833,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2798644414eb337c&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
42,public administration,Indeed,p_202f79771cff09e2,Senior Internal Auditor,Jefferson Wells, Amsterdam,"Functieomschrijving

Are you an experienced internal auditor? Who belongs in an international organization and doesn’t mind traveling? Read a long!

Our client is in need of a professional, who is expected to coordinate, plan and lead the execution of different audits, to prepare audit reports and clearly communicate the audit results to different stakeholders. To come with proposals on different improvements in the department, as well as to actively contribute to the development of auditor business partner role and create strong link between Internal Audit and other parts of the organization.

You will be responsible for:

Planning, coordinating and performing various internal audits with/without supervision
Identify risk areas to the company through formal and informal risk assessments and gap analyses
Working alongside IT Auditors during performance of integrated audits
Responsible for the audit reports preparation. Writing and working with IAF management to communicate action plans resulting from audit findings and recommendations, ensuring that all significant areas are appropriately documented and addressed
Building networks and relationships with other functional areas to build support for the audit plans and initiatives;
Actively participating in the SOX Compliance implementation together with the rest of Internal Audit and Internal Control team
Actively participating in different projects and activities of the function, including strengthening internal control environment project, Data Analytics, SOX implementation, etc.
Responsible for strong cooperation and link between Internal Audit, Internal Control and Risk Management.
Functie-eisen
To be succesful in this role you need to match the following requierements:
University degree preferably in economics, finance, accounting & audit and/or business administration
Professional certification such as CPA, CIA, ACCA, CIMA, CISA or similar
Thorough knowledge of accounting theory, internal control and auditing standards.
You need experience in working with SAP and using it to run data and reports
Knowledge and experience in COSO and SOX requirements.
Minimum of 5 years audit experience in public accounting and/or internal audit function in a large international company
Fluent Business English is required. Knowledge of other languages is a strong advantage
Besides this, it is very helpful if you have strong interpersonale skills with the ability to work effectively with people at all levels and across the company. In this role you will be working independently, with minimum supervision. You need to be a responsible teamplayer and used to working in multiple project across the organization. When you join this company, you will work in diverse and international teams.
Over het bedrijf

The company is the world's biggest international provider of essential chemistry. They are very ambitious and are looking for people that what to grow with them.

Team: Internal Audit is part of ‘’Internal Audit, Risk Management and Internal Control’’ function operates primarily in the offices Europe and the USA, but with a global work area. The Amsterdam Internal Audit office employs 6 FTEs at the moment and you can be one of them!

Arbeidsvoorwaarden
Salary of €5000 - 7000 gross per month (depending on experience)
Travel allowance: €0.19 cent per km
You will have to travel to the US and through Europe 50% of the time
40 hours workweek
Working both from home & the office
You need to live in the Netherlands and be eligible to work here
Does this sound like you? Apply here!
Contactinformatie
For more information please contact Roos Hof via roos.hof@jeffersonwells.nl or call 06-48437287.
Nu solliciteren
Vul je email adres in om deze vacature naar jezelf te sturen
Email vacature
Email adres *
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Verzenden
Waar ga je werken?
Contactgegevens consultant
Roos Hof
roos.hof@jeffersonwells.nl
06-48437287
Deel deze vacature",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=202f79771cff09e2&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2c9900464061c596&assa=5355,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=202f79771cff09e2&fccid=a6fc9cd5eced3460&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
43,public administration,Indeed,p_669e831e0e3baf79,Pre-Sales Engineer,Palo Alto Networks, Amsterdam,"Company Description

Our Mission

At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission:

Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.

We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.

Job Description

Your Career

As a Pre-Sales Engineer, you’ll enable sales engagements into a set of large new enterprise accounts. You will play a key role in navigating complex accounts in order to generate and deliver winning proposals, contract bids, statements of work, and RFI/RFP responses. It is business critical to meet and exceed sales quotas by building and implementing strategic account plans targeting enterprise-wide deployments of the Palo Alto Networks Next-Generation Security Platform.
Your Impact
Establish yourself as a trusted advisor to prospects and customers working with your Account Manager and the local partners within your territory
Identify and document specific problems with prospective and current customers which can be solved through the deployment of integrated solutions
Architect and propose validated solutions which address the identified cybersecurity problems in each unrivaled environment
Ensure ongoing customer happiness, support, and adoption
Continuous self-improvement and learning to maintain technical leadership of applicable technologies (data center, SDN, public cloud, security, networking, etc.)
Understand and effectively differentiate against our top competitors
Act as the customer advocate for any issues that require technical assistance and follow up with the customer until the issue is resolved

Qualifications

Your Experience
4+ years of experience as a successful pre-sales SE, systems integrator, or equivalent experience
BS in Computer Science or equivalent
Working knowledge of Palo Alto Networks products, with a focus on Next-Generation Firewall and some comparative technologies; Continuous technical development
Experience with systems installation, configuration and administration of routers/switches, UNIX/Linux, and Windows-based systems
Experience that emphasizes L2-L4 Networks (L2 switching architectures including Spanning Tree, IP routing that includes OSPF and BGP, and L4 Load balancing)
Understand and effectively present our security platform to technical and non-technical audiences
Strong analytical skills to evaluate complex multivariate problems and find a systematic approach to gain a quick resolution, often under duress
Mature and effective time-management skills
Prior experience selling network infrastructure-based security appliances, including but not limited to: Firewalls, SSL/IPSec VPNs, Security Proxies and Caches
Familiarity working with Channel partners and understanding of a channel-centric market approach
Previous work in the enterprise networking security space
Experience and knowledge of modern network threats and malware, network forensics, automation tools and technologies, and endpoint security technologies
Significant industry certifications (SANS, CISSP, CCIE, etc)
Additional Information

The Team

As part of our Systems Engineering team, you’ll support the sales team with technical expertise and guidance when establishing trust with key clients. You won’t find someone at Palo Alto Networks that isn’t committed to your success – with everyone pitching in to assist when it comes to solutions selling, learning, and development. As a member of our systems engineer team, you are driven by a solutions-focused sales environment and find fulfillment in working with clients to resolve incredible complex cyberthreats.

Our Commitment

We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=669e831e0e3baf79&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=618970a240ab1f1e&assa=2221,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=669e831e0e3baf79&fccid=0562f887e2bed9ea&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
44,public administration,Indeed,p_ca0f7ac4ed260cdd,Senior Financial Account Manager - CE Services,TRUSTMOORE, Amsterdam,"Would you like to work as a Senior Financial Account Manager in a company with an informal culture and be responsible for your
own team and your client portfolio from A to Z?
Then you are the
SENIOR FINANCIAL ACCOUNT MANAGER – CORPORATE EXPANSION SERVICES

we are looking for!

What you will do?

As a Senior Financial Account Manager (SFAM) you work closely with your colleagues of the Corporate Expansion Team in order

to continuously exceed our clients’ expectations. In this position, you are responsible for managing the financial activities

concerning a diverse client portfolio and a team of junior/ medior financial account managers. Further, you will be the main point of

contact for your clients and be responsible for a wide range of administrative and financial tasks, such as bookkeeping, periodic

reportings and preparing statutory financial reports.


Other responsibilities are:
Set-up and maintain financial administrations, databases and other reporting systems;
Prepare periodic financial reports, budgets and cash flow statements;
Cash management including management of bank accounts and payment instructions;
Monitor transactions of the client companies;
Maintain an organized planning of work to ensure timely and accurate filing of administrative records;
Maintain close contact with auditors, tax advisors, lawyers, notaries and other external parties in order to obtain the
required information for reporting purposes;

Internal projects;

Where will you be working?

Working at Trustmoore means working in a dynamic company with great colleagues and an international environment. At

Trustmoore, we score as a team and our colleagues are on top of their game.

Trustmoore is a boutique-style corporate service provider with four lines of business: Fund Services, Structured Finance & Capital

Markets Services, Multi Family Office Services and Corporate Expansion Services.

You will be working in the Corporate Expansion Team, and we pride ourselves of working with well-known law firms, tax advisors,

banks and notary firms. We want to excel in what we do, nothing more, nothing less. Word of mouth marketing is the best form of

advertisement for us.


You will be working in one of the most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, in chic buildings within walking distance from the Vondelpark.

Our garden is ideal for barbecue gatherings and celebrations. Our office is easily accessible by both private and public transport.

You will receive a competitive salary, pension and international career opportunities in our other offices. You can also benefit and

participate in:
TM Academy with soft skills, knowledge and leadership development trainings;
Regular sport events with your colleagues;
Our annual ski trip;
Interaction with more than 50 international colleagues in Amsterdam and more than 170 colleagues worldwide;
Extensive lunches and fresh fruit provided by the office;

How do you fit in the team?


As a Senior Financial Account Manager, you need to manage a team of junior and medior financial account managers, ad-hoc

activities, intensive client contacts and your daily work. In this position, you need to prioritize what is important, have a hands-on

and independent work mentality and be able to deal with stress. A helicopter view is required, since you are responsible for the

complete financial processes and reporting deadlines of your clients. You are proactive, know what you are capable of, possess

good communication and leadership skills.


Other relevant qualifications for this profile:
Bachelor / Master’s in Business Administration, Accounting or equivalent;
Residing in The Netherlands;
At least 5 years’ relevant work experience in accounting or corporate service provider;
Knowledge of accounting standards (Dutch GAAP and IFRS),
Knowledge of tax and compliance aspects is a must;
Fluent in Dutch and English (verbal and written);
Self-motivated and able to work independently and as a part of a team;
Strong sense of responsibility;

Do you recognize yourself in this profile? We can’t wait to meet you!

If you have any questions about the position or about Trustmoore please contact Pauline Wolf, by email

pauline.wolf@trustmoore.com or by phone +31 20 471 2707.





About us


We make success possible. Success for our clients by providing high-quality services, however also success for our colleagues by

providing you with personal and professional growth opportunities to help you reach your full potential. Just as we help our clients

reach their goals.

The foundation of our success is delivering true value through long term relations. That applies to our clients and colleagues. We’re

in it for the long run, that creates value for us and for you.

This results in a very personal and informal company culture with a healthy work-life balance.

We are proud of that and we call it being professional in a non-corporate way.


Do you want to learn more about us?

Check our website https://www.trustmoore.com/careers/


By sending in your personal details for this job application, you give your consent that those details will be saved in our database for application purposes.

After the termination of your application procedure, we will delete your details from our database. Obviously, we will treat your details with care, with

confidentiality and we will not share those with third parties.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ca0f7ac4ed260cdd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2ecbd774156f285b&assa=3294,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ca0f7ac4ed260cdd&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
45,public administration,Indeed,p_6b9bd0998f75423e,Senior Internal Auditor - Chemical company,Michael Page, Amsterdam,"About Our Client
A chemical company with a worldwide presence.
Job Description
- Planning, coordinating and performing various internal audits with/without supervision - Identify risk areas through formal and informal risk assessments and gap analyses - Working alongside IT Auditors during performance of integrated audits - Responsible for the audit reports preparation. Writing and working with IAF management to communicate action plans resulting from audit findings and recommendations, ensuring that all significant areas are appropriately documented and addressed - Building networks and relationships with other functional areas to build support for the audit plans and initiatives; - Actively participating in the SOX Compliance implementation together with the rest of Internal Audit and Internal Control team - Actively participating in different projects and activities of the function, including strengthening internal control environment project, Data Analytics, SOX implementation, etc. - Responsible for strong cooperation and link between Internal Audit, Internal Control and Risk Management.
Looking for entrepreneurial and driven auditor
Experience within Chemical/Manfacturing sector, listed companies
The Successful Applicant
- University degree preferably in economics, finance, accounting & audit and/or business administration - Professional certification such as CPA, CIA, ACCA, CIMA, CISA or similar - Thorough knowledge of accounting theory, internal control and auditing standards. - Knowledge and experience in COSO and SOX requirements. - Minimum of 3-5 years audit experience in public accounting and/or internal audit function in a large international company
What's on OfferA competitive remuneration package",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6b9bd0998f75423e&from=vj&sjdu=4Y28b5dfoFRawt9rvORiBKyt_wHNU5rZ8uGgB5M1Zd6_H_O7yT5RZTzCm3fsr53ZdCBeMXpK4mnZWTKojjVzaUYrJejGkroVfBWsCDxRyDtZYeRpmNifmq82ORLTHhRwyweroWj6mFtkURUQNADJYNprcY2VfkQk10VTtL9XE3Uv09NGk8cTc2VUSedGRe_buC4GgfmW4ygOQrpOkXMK0u9_G1hxEWMxstorCaUxLgNXdlHhy_QcWamz_JDfVfqxVywul7tsnzKLbYODwT5CkQ&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=1c77232047f3ce98&assa=4917,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6b9bd0998f75423e&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
46,public administration,Indeed,p_b50e6cb64ce7133a,Manager Internal Control ITGC,Michael Page, Amsterdam,"About Our Client
Nouryon is a global specialty chemicals leader. Markets worldwide rely on their essential chemistry in the manufacture of everyday products such as paper, plastics, building materials, food, pharmaceuticals, and personal care items. They have about 10,000 employees and operate in over 80 countries around the world. They have earned a place among the best performing companies in the industry in terms of safety, sustainability, and reliability.

Job Description
Use risk-based methodologies to determine and plan the scope of ITGC work to meet regulatory SOX requirements.
Oversee and complete the ITGC elements of SOX compliance testing activities part of periodical and annual SOX reviews.
Take a lead contact role and act as a center of excellence for ITGC activity with internal and external stakeholders, including internal and external audit.
Evaluate ITGCs to determine effectiveness of controls, identify gaps and implement remediation plans.
Provide timely, clear, relevant and actionable feedback, tailored to the specific business environment, regarding SOX test and continuous monitoring findings or opportunities for improvement.
Develop and manage follow up investigation on ITGC related issues identified by IM Management, internal/external audit and continuous monitoring process.
Responsible for supporting management with implementing process ITGC controls and effective control environment
Maintain and continuously improve Nouryon's ITGC SOX framework, processes and department policies and procedures.
Work on special Internal Control related projects as assigned by the Director Internal Control.
Provide IT audit assistance, support and expertise as needed or requested by the Internal Audit team.

A high level of autonomy is expected from this position. This person is business partner for the Business in implementing an efficient control environment. Frequent interaction with local and senior management in the Central IM Function, Internal and External audit.
Network consists:
IM Function
Internal Audit
External Audit
Global Internal Control Network

An opportunity to be a part of a highly dynamic and international team.
Lots of autonomy to build and define ITGC SOx processes for the company
The Successful Applicant
Bachelor's/ Master's degree in accounting, finance or related discipline (e.g. business administration, economics) with significant relevant work experience. Advanced degree and relevant professional certifications (e.g. CISA, CISSP, CPA, CIA) highly desired.
Minimum of 8-10 years of experience with ITGC in public accounting, internal audit, finance functions within a corporate environment, with a minimum of four years of supervisory experience.
Experience in the manufacturing industry with a global, multi-national organization.
Possess in-depth understanding of the requirements of COBIT 5
Possess in-depth understanding of SOx requirements and the requirements of COSO 2017
Possess extensive knowledge in SAP ECC/BW/BI and SAP GRC for Internal Control and access management related purposes is a must.
Proficient in Microsoft Office 365 applications including SharePoint, MS Excel, Project and Visio. Experience using automated audit techniques and data analytics is a plus.
Must be fluent in English both verbal/writing. Additional language skills are a plus.

Other Preferred Skills:
Highest ethical standards and integrity.
Able to work independently, with minimal supervision, yet seek guidance appropriately as needed.
Strong interpersonal skills and high level of professionalism to communicate difficult messages effectively or in stressful situations, and gain management buy-in to enact required changes.
Strong project management skills.
Strong customer service orientation for both internal and external customers.
Ability to collaborate as part of a global, virtual team.

Willingness to travel max 25%

What's on Offer
A highly competitive salary package and an opportunity to be a part of a growing international company!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b50e6cb64ce7133a&from=vj&sjdu=4Y28b5dfoFRawt9rvORiBKyt_wHNU5rZ8uGgB5M1Zd63S7e8_XwBpJy6hlYRwFx4S9VCLAcF24YsZZJVsDsal9hTKzWnOsbrKAnpkKxb2vBc9LPS2ZlNAMG8DSYGLiTfa8rwFTGhQXOC50zhvYDJmUrpdsaUQfvrYTathvIbv_TBVjGOrKInYyCSTFtjc4oocSarvYGLkZu4BS0RoNliOOoGVR9MaJ83Sj2nVp7gLPIDvDr5sc97KKPteikEiTTA&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=947d462200b60f47&assa=6829,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b50e6cb64ce7133a&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
47,public administration,Indeed,p_f84840e3b3c3a2ba,Solution Architect,Versa Networks, Amsterdam,"About Us:
Versa Networks, Inc. is a leading vendor of next-generation Software Defined solutions and architectures, called Cloud IP Platform. Versa is providing an end-to-end solution that both simplifies and secures the WAN/branch office network.
The goal of the Versa Cloud IP Platform is to provide unprecedented business advantages through a software-based approach that allows for unmatched agility, cost savings and flexibility. We have created a feature-rich, scalable yet simple to use software platform to implement many different enterprise and service provider use cases, including:
Full software-defined branch (SD-Branch) for enterprise customers.
Secure SD-WAN for enterprises with layered security.
Next-generation managed services like SD-Branch and SD-WAN for service providers.
We are looking for passionate, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy Solution Architects to help our customers and partners evaluate, adopt and expand the use of our technology.
Job responsibilities:
Evangelize technical leadership to our customers and partners.
Provide architectural design services of state-of-art SDWAN deployments, including HLD/LLD documentation.
Perform hands-on tests to validate customer proof-of-concept setups, network designs, and network deployments using new products and feature.
Provide Professional Services on assignment bases to strategic customers.
Author whitepapers, knowledge base articles, and other customer/partner facing content.
Essential Skills:
Experience in planning and designing or operating service provider or large enterprise WAN/LAN networks.
In depth understanding of TCP/IP protocol stack and operation.
Knowledge on WAN technologies and protocols like MPLS, MPLS based VPNs, BGP, OSPF, QoS, NAT, Multicast.
Knowledge in architecting and/or managing large-scale, high performing and resilient Enterprise networking solutions.
Knowledge on Linux administration.
Shell scripting, python scripting knowledge.
Desired Skills:
Operational knowledge on next gen firewalls/UTMs, IDS/IPS and malware prevention systems.
Knowledge on best practices architectures for SaaS applications.
Hands-on experience in public and private cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Openstack, VMware.
Competency:
Great analytical thinking.
Ability to think full stack when it comes to problem solving.
Ability to learn new technology quickly.
Excellent hands-on skills in deploying and troubleshooting complex networks.
Willingness to help customers, peers and other team members at any time.
Our Benefits:
Versa Networks is a small but rapidly growing organization. It is built by people with vast experience in networking industry. We are a pragmatic team with a healthy work-life balance. We offer a competitive compensation package with pre-IPO equity. Additionally, we offer a quality of life benefit to everyone in an inspiring environment with skilled and passionate co-workers. Our exciting company culture offers a great place to work and most important, to have fun.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f84840e3b3c3a2ba&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=517f2aeb86152dfe&assa=9231,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f84840e3b3c3a2ba&fccid=3f903c48026c01dc&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
48,public administration,Indeed,p_dad4cd579ff9eed0,Enterprise Sales Engineer,DataDog, Amsterdam,"The Team:

We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The technical solutions team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. We share our technical and product expertise with customers through demos, presentations, technical evaluations, and ongoing support. Technical solutions is a growing global team that collaborates constantly to share knowledge and continuously advance our technical skillset.


The Opportunity:

Sales engineers help qualify and close opportunities with customers and partners. You will provide technical expertise through sales presentations, product demonstrations, and supporting technical evaluations (POVs). SEs also have a voice with the product team to help prioritize features based on input from customers, competitors, and partners.


You Will:


Partner with the Sales Team to articulate the overall Datadog value proposition, vision and strategy to customers
Own technical engagement with customers during the trial phase. Communicate Datadog’s value based on activities and work with customers on any identified issues or concerns to successful conclusion
Technically close complex opportunities through advanced competitive knowledge, technical skill, and credibility
Deliver product and technical briefings / presentations to potential clients
Maintain accurate notes and feedback in CRM regarding customer input both wins and losses
Proactively engage and communicate with customers and Datadog business/technical teams regarding product feedback and competitive landscape


You Are:

Passionate about educating customers on observability risks that are meaningful to their business
Able to build and execute an evaluation plan with a customer
Exceptional at written and oral communication skills. This role requires an ability to understand and articulate both the business benefits (value proposition) and technical advantages of our offering
Able to think creatively about a wide variety of challenges. You're going to find new things every day
Experienced in programming/scripting with any of the following: Java, Python, Ruby, Go, Node.JS, PHP, and .NET etc.
Someone with a minimum of 3 years in a Sales engineering or DevOps engineering role.

Bonus Points:

Previous experience selling into public sector
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, Mesos or other container technologies.
Experience in systems administration: Windows, Linux
Strong knowledge of current infrastructure and monitoring solutions and technologies.


Why You Should Apply:

Generous and competitive global and US benefits
New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan
Continuous career development and pathing opportunities
Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space
Best in breed onboarding
Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally
Friendly and inclusive workplace culture


About Us:

Datadog is the monitoring and security platform for cloud applications. Our SaaS product is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries to enable digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stack, allowing for seamless collaboration and problem-solving among Dev, Ops and Security teams globally. Given the resilience of cloud technologies and importance placed today in digital operations and agility, Datadog continues to innovate and is well positioned for the long term.

Equal Opportunity at Datadog:

Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.


Your Privacy:

For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=dad4cd579ff9eed0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ef188e5fc6cedd71&assa=37,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dad4cd579ff9eed0&fccid=448951d0ddf03e0c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
49,public administration,Indeed,p_737c54041c9cc3ce,Enterprise Sales Engineer - Benelux,Datadog, Amsterdam,"The Team:

We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The technical solutions team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. We share our technical and product expertise with customers through demos, presentations, technical evaluations, and ongoing support. Technical solutions is a growing global team that collaborates constantly to share knowledge and continuously advance our technical skillset.


The Opportunity:

Sales engineers help qualify and close opportunities with customers and partners. You will provide technical expertise through sales presentations, product demonstrations, and supporting technical evaluations (POVs). SEs also have a voice with the product team to help prioritize features based on input from customers, competitors, and partners.


You Will:


Partner with the Sales Team to articulate the overall Datadog value proposition, vision and strategy to customers
Own technical engagement with customers during the trial phase. Communicate Datadog's value based on activities and work with customers on any identified issues or concerns to successful conclusion
Technically close complex opportunities through advanced competitive knowledge, technical skill, and credibility
Deliver product and technical briefings / presentations to potential clients
Maintain accurate notes and feedback in CRM regarding customer input both wins and losses
Proactively engage and communicate with customers and Datadog business/technical teams regarding product feedback and competitive landscape


You Are:

Passionate about educating customers on observability risks that are meaningful to their business
Able to build and execute an evaluation plan with a customer
Exceptional at written and oral communication skills. This role requires an ability to understand and articulate both the business benefits (value proposition) and technical advantages of our offering
Able to think creatively about a wide variety of challenges. You're going to find new things every day
Experienced in programming/scripting with any of the following: Java, Python, Ruby, Go, Node.JS, PHP, and .NET etc.
Someone with a minimum of 3 years in a Sales engineering or DevOps engineering role.

Bonus Points:

Previous experience selling into public sector
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, Mesos or other container technologies.
Experience in systems administration: Windows, Linux
Strong knowledge of current infrastructure and monitoring solutions and technologies.


Why You Should Apply:

Generous and competitive global and US benefits
New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan
Continuous career development and pathing opportunities
Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space
Best in breed onboarding
Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally
Friendly and inclusive workplace culture


About Us:

Datadog is the monitoring and security platform for cloud applications. Our SaaS product is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries to enable digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers' entire technology stack, allowing for seamless collaboration and problem-solving among Dev, Ops and Security teams globally. Given the resilience of cloud technologies and importance placed today in digital operations and agility, Datadog continues to innovate and is well positioned for the long term.

Equal Opportunity at Datadog:

Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.


Your Privacy:

For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=737c54041c9cc3ce&fccid=448951d0ddf03e0c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
50,public administration,Indeed,p_6fb8f85eb53a21e0,Senior Cloud Security Engineer,TomTom, Amsterdam,"At TomTom…
You’ll move the world forward. Every day, we create the most innovative mapping and location technologies to shape tomorrow’s mobility for the better.

We are proud to be one team of more than 5,000 unique, curious, passionate problem-solvers spread across the world. We bring out the best in each other. And together, we help the automotive industry, businesses, developers, drivers, citizens and cities move towards a safe, autonomous world that is free of congestion and emissions.

What You'll Do
Review cloud architectures and advise teams on strong Security Design principles and identification of issues prior to systems or features deployed
Partner with DevOps and SRE teams to consult on secure cloud development practices and build cloud security automation into pipelines
Provide incident remediation guidance to Product Teams
Develop cloud security solutions to meet incident response and participate in security incident response process as cloud SME
Develop security related IaC and scripted solutions to integrate security into cloud environments
Create and maintain documentation as it relates to cloud security designs/configurations, processes, standards and recommendations
Collaborate with senior management and department leaders to assess near- and long-term cloud security needs
Mentor junior members of staff

What you’ll need
5 or more years of security experience, with at least 3 years performing deployments and architecting solutions on the public cloud
Proficient development skills, with experience in using REST APIs to integrate disparate security technologies
Experience with implementing security technologies and controls into container environments, familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes
Strong understanding of cloud-based infrastructure components with specific understanding of the security risks presented in a decentralized and hybrid environment
Experience with security administration in AWS and Azure
CI/CD and DevOps tooling experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong attention to detail
What’s nice to have
AWS and Azure certifications in solution architecture or development, as well as security
Thirst for knowledge and curious mind to stay current with evolving threat landscapes
Familiarity with Infrastructures as Code tools, Network & Infrastructure engineering, Elastick Stack and Cloud native security related tools
Experience working with distributed teams

Meet your team

We’re Information Security. We protect TomTom’s infrastructure, applications, employees and customers. We work alongside Enterprise IT, Commercial IT, Legal, Finance and HR to minimize risk and increase resilience across the business. We take an intelligence-driven approach, relying on innovative commercial and open-source solutions to proactively identify vulnerabilities and contain threats. On our team, you’ll help secure a safe, connected, autonomous world that is free of congestion and emissions.

Achieve more

We are self-starters who play well with others. Every day, we solve new problems with creativity, meet new people and learn rapidly at our offices around the world. We will invest in your growth and are committed to supporting you. In everything we do, we’re guided by six values We care, putting our heart into what we do; we build trust (you can count on us); we create – driven to make a difference; we are confident, but don’t boast; we keep it simple, since life is complex enough; and we have fun because life’s too short to be boring.

After you apply
Our recruitment team will work hard to give you a meaningful experience throughout the process, no matter the outcome. Your application will be screened closely and you can rest assured that all follow-up actions will be thorough, from assessments and interviews through your onboarding.

TomTom is an equal opportunity employer
We celebrate diversity, thrive on each other’s differences and are committed to creating an inclusive environment at our offices around the world. Naturally, we do not discriminate against any employee or job applicant because of race, religion, color, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, marital status, disability, national origin, genetics, or age.

Ready to move the world forward?",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6fb8f85eb53a21e0&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=45957e0e583cee78&assa=1967,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6fb8f85eb53a21e0&fccid=91c33bbd39df6600&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
51,public administration,Indeed,p_843c83f5f0f39f6f,Senior DevOps Engineer,ChargePoint, Amsterdam,"About Us

With electric vehicles (EVs) expected to be nearly 30% of new vehicle sales by 2025 and more than 50% by 2040, electric mobility is becoming a reality. ChargePoint is at the center of this revolution, powering one of the world’s leading EV charging networks and a comprehensive set of hardware, software and mobile solutions for nearly every charging need. We bring together drivers, businesses, automakers, policymakers, utilities and other stakeholders to make e-mobility a global reality.

Since our founding in 2007, ChargePoint has focused solely on EV charging and established a business model that's been validated by more than a decade in business and thousands of customers. As we near a public listing milestone that will broaden our market leadership and build on years of innovation, ChargePoint offers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to build our all-electric future and dominate a trillion-dollar market.

Join the team that is building the EV charging industry and make your mark on how people and goods will get everywhere they need to go, in any context, for generations to come.

Discover what it’s like to help build the fueling network of the future - check out our Engineering Blog.

Reports To

Senior Manager, Infrastructure and Data Engineering

What You Will Be Doing

ChargePoint provides E2E solution (hardware, software, network management platform & mobile apps) for making EV charging easy and ubiquitous. We’re the largest and most open EV charging network and have ambitions to grow it 25x by 2025 (yes, you read that right!). In addition to organic growth, we are also integrating with several partners. Additionally, we’re investing in core infrastructure so that our services are available 99.99% of time, customer data is secure and protected, and customers have a fast and delightful experience.

An engineer in this role will work with product development teams to design and develop scalable, reliable, secure and efficient infrastructure to support ChargePoint’s services. Individual in this role will also be responsible for building CI/CD pipelines, ensuring infrastructure reliability, identifying and fixing performance issues, setting up monitoring, and developing self-healing systems.

What You Will Bring to ChargePoint
Strong background in Linux system administration & networking
DevOps experience & thought process
Bias for automation and improving processes to avoid manual interventions
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Stay up to date with constantly evolving DevOps landscape and industry best practices
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in computer science
6+ years of Linux system administration & DevOps experience
Have worked on modern infrastructure concepts (CI/CD, infra-as-code, containerization) for 2+ years with enough depth
Proven track record of managing & operating large scale distributed systems
Experience building CI/CD pipelines
Ability to work with ambiguity, create quick PoCs and engineer an E2E solution
Strong scripting or programming skills for automating repetitive tasks
Ability to troubleshoot complex issues and fixing them
Preferred
Experience with AWS or other public cloud infrastructure
Experience with Kubernetes, Terraform, Prometheus, Grafana
Open to overlapping working hours with US (Pacific time)
Location

Amsterdam, NL

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse team. ChargePoint is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.

If there is a match between your experiences/skills and the Company needs, we will contact you directly.

ChargePoint is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants only - Recruiting agencies do not contact.

#LI-MT1",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=843c83f5f0f39f6f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=e3b1ed5530b56f82&assa=3251,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=843c83f5f0f39f6f&fccid=e2046655ee5b8a6a&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
52,public administration,Indeed,p_47ce676157d453bd,HR Administrator at MediaMonks HILV,MediaMonks, Hilversum,"The biggest and most humble creative production company on the planet is looking for a HR hero to champion personnel administration for all our Monks around the world.
Role & Responsibilities

As a HR Monk at MediaMonks, you’ll help make (work) life better for 2,500+ colleagues spread across 30 countries and counting.
Formally based in Hilversum but effectively starting from anywhere you’ll work as part of our global HR team that keeps our (WFH) temples running as MediaMonks moves faster and faster.
You’ll support Monks from onboarding to offboarding as a first point of contact, looking after employee questions and all things admin.
Together with your fellow Admin Monks, you’ll take care of employee administration (sick and leave administration, processing sick-and-return notices, scheduling contract meetings—you know the drill).
You’ll manage employee files and process mutations following (local) changes in legislation, regulations or terms of employment—doing preparatory work for payroll.
You’ll assist expat employees with administrative tasks such as work permits, visas, setting up bank accounts and registering place of residence.
And whenever we’ll get back to our beautiful and brand-new campus, you’ll help your 800+ closest coworkers by managing our public transport subscriptions.
Last but not least, the fun stuff: preparing HR reports for the board.

Requirements:
The perfect candidate doesn’t exist, but you might.

You have at least 4 year’s worth of relevant work experience.
Advanced excel skills
You have a bachelor or master’s degree, preferably in human resource management.
You can communicate flawlessly in both English and Dutch. Pre is German.
You’re available full-time, have no rigid nine-to-five mentality and can flexibly switch between tasks, taking ownership of your work
You’re resourceful, with solid administration skills, and a pin-sharp focus on getting things done.
Organizing is your second nature—or just something you’re really good at—and you love helping out people in any way you can.
You combine your hands-on mindset with a strong analytical view.
You always think ahead and can establish priorities, even on busy days.
You’re precise, socially skilled and reliable.
And we don’t even have to tell you when discretion is required.

Benefits:
At MediaMonks, you’ll join a fast, fun and successful company with a fantastic set of coworkers. We’re on a mission to become the best production partner in any field and market—operating as one company across teams and time zones with. We have amazing food, parties and (winter sports) events as well, but you’ll have to take our word for it at this moment. If you meet the profile, we’d love to meet you.
MediaMonks stands for equal-opportunity employment and welcomes applications from people of all backgrounds. Please be attentive to the requirements and accompany your portfolio with a compelling cover letter explaining why you’re the right Monk for the role. Questions? minou.dieffenthaler@mediamonks.com has answers.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=47ce676157d453bd&fccid=fa794d7aa4d73a51&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
53,public administration,Indeed,p_3ff109b221bd8080,Senior Sales Trader Environmental Commodities (French Market),Good Company, Amsterdam,"Leer de organisatie kennen
Our client is an independent European multi-asset class broker primarily operating as an intermediary for financial institutions, corporate clients and governmental bodies. Their international orientation resulted in a widespread work field consisting of significant clients in several markets. They have a range of products regarding fixed income, interest rates and energy/environment, exotics, equity and equity derivatives. Next to that, the company offers a variety of market information and data services. The highly stimulating working environment allows employees to thrive and fully develop their talents.
Over de functie
As a Sales Trader Environmental Commodities / Renewable Energy Certificates in the French Market, you are a key member of a highly motivated and professional team. You are responsible for creating your own business, providing your clients with the highest level of service and information possible. Based on your knowledge and experience, you are able to match buyers and sellers in order to optimize their deal structures and certificate portfolios. You will be guided by experienced team members from the beginning onwards - they will help and support you in any way possible for you to have a great start within your future field of expertise.
Jouw kwaliteitenYou have demonstrable experience in Certificat d’économie d’énergie (CEE) / Energy Efficiency broking, consulting or tradingYou are fluent in French and EnglishYou have worked in the green energy market before, either in (sales) trading, brokering and/or account managementYou think and work on Bachelor / Master degree level; a university degree in economics, finance, engineering or business administration is a plusYou show initiative, work proactively and make an effort to continuously find new trading opportunities for your clientsYou thrive under pressure and are a true team player
De voordelenAn international and meritocratic working environment
Room for personal growth and developmentCompetitive remuneration, with a fixed and variable componentFree public transportation subscription (when you live outside of Amsterdam)Assistance with settling in the Netherlands
A free gym membership
A beautiful office floor in the heart of Amsterdam

Klinkt goed?
Ben jij geïnteresseerd in bovenstaand profiel? Good Company ziet graag jouw sollicitatie tegemoet! Solliciteer via onze website op de vacature van Senior Sales Trader Environmental Commodities (French Market).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3ff109b221bd8080&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7d9b45138d89ffac&assa=1769,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3ff109b221bd8080&fccid=a918cef83e1a9d43&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
54,public administration,Indeed,p_98f12146fd9eb099,Clinical Research and Development Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Amsterdam, Rixensart, Wavre, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Jan 14 2021

Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to protect people from infectious diseases? If so, this Clinical Research & Development Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As a Clinical Research & Development Lead, you will participate to Phase I-IV Clinical Development activities within a program or group of related programs within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all clinical data that will allow world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical development plan, good clinical practices (GCP), and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following:
1. Participate in Clinical Development activities for a study or a number of studies within a specific program or group of related programs - Design clinical trial protocols, and author clinical study reports and publications of high scientific, operational and ethical standards; Ensure consistency of data within program and across projects; Reporting full accountability to Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead.
2. Bear primary responsibility and accountability for scientific, medical quality, medical/legal and human safety aspects and timeliness of clinical trial synopses and protocols and all clinical trial documents, including the Investigator’s Brochure and the Clinical Study Report.
3. Supervise the study conduct and serve as the accountable for the overall delivery of the clinical trial, analyze and interpret the results as a subject matter expert and assure that results meet the highest standards of quality and ethical conduct.
4. Serve as a scientific and management reference for the project (internally/externally), assuming accountability for the medical/legal and human safety aspects of the clinical study
5. As a member of the Clinical Project Team, always actively participate and engage within the project matrix, to achieve team objectives
6. Actively participate in preparing the clinical portion of the regulatory files and the registration process, including labelling
7. Provides support to Marketing/Business Development throughout product life cycle in order to achieve Company’s objectives
8.Collect scientific information and review GSK Vaccines project related documents and publications.
Why YOU?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PhD specializing in the field of pediatrics, obstetrics and gynecology, infectious diseases, clinical epidemiology, or pharmacoepidemiology. Previous experience in clinical vaccinology is an asset.
Minimum 1 year industry experience or minimum 5 years experience working in a scientific or medical institution (if not an MD, prior experience as Principal Investigator, Medical Monitor or commensurate to Clinical Research Scientist position)
Excellent knowledge of spoken and written English
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of vaccines and clinical research into business-driven strategies.
Understanding of GCP and ICH guidelines; experience working with Regulatory functions a plus.
Ability to work well within a matrix environment, balance priorities, and independently handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, organization skills.
Ability to critically analyze information, identify strengths and weaknesses of approaches and proactively develop remedial actions to mitigate risks.
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards and a commitment to excellence.
Knowledge and understanding of vaccines, clinical research, and biomedical research regulation
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Strategic thinking skills and achievement oriented.
Needs to possess highly effective communication skills and be capable of presenting ideas and data clearly to various audiences.
Working knowledge and understanding of causes of infectious diseases, health interventions and the global public health landscape.
Sensitivity to the needs of a diversified ethnic groups and ability to build rapport across the spectrum
License to practice medicine and board and/ or professional certification is an asset
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally
Developing people and building a talent pipeline
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=98f12146fd9eb099&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=71603385c1bbb60f&assa=8132,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=98f12146fd9eb099&fccid=4e42ec53f4b93e02&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
55,public administration,Indeed,p_9f7cd88840df9137,Senior Technical Consultant,ServiceNow, Amsterdam,"Job Title: Senior Technical Consultant – ITOM Applications
Company
Work matters. It is where we spend a third of our lives. And the workplace of the future is going to be a great place. We are dedicated to bringing that to life for people everywhere. That is why we put people at the heart of everything we do.

People matter. Our people have a passion for learning, building, and innovating. Whether you are an engineer, a sales professional, a finance professional, or anything in-between, our roles aim to provide each person with meaningful impact and plenty of space to grow.

Team
Come join the Customer Outcomes ITx team and work with a talented group of consultants building out next generation solutions for ServiceNow’s customers. This team is responsible for the Implementation, advisory, best practices, innovation, and architecture for our customers and partners, focusing on IT solutions.

Role
The role of the Senior Technical Consultant is to bring a deep understanding of their area of specialty to the project team in order to influence the implementation of our product.

What you get to do in this role:
This role is for a Senior Technical Consultant, hence, focuses on the technical and consultative aspects of implementations.
Use your excellent communication skills to lead all the technical aspects of project delivery and solution delivery including presenting technical and business concepts to a variety of stakeholders.
You will be a key member of our expert team and will configure Applications, Workflows and UI and use your customer centric interpersonal skills to work in culturally diverse, matrixed project teams.
You will bring gravitas to customer meetings and workshops and be able to identify customer use cases, requirements, and other relevant inputs for the overall success of the deployment.
You will have the opportunity to contribute your innovation ideas for best practices, service offerings, and implementation methodology to the wider global team in Customer Outcomes as well as our ITOM product team.
You will use your passion for leadership and knowledge sharing to guide and mentor both colleagues, customers, and our delivery partners in configuration best practices for the ITOM application suite

Lead all technical aspects of project delivery and solution delivery including:
Application Configuration.
Workflow Configuration.
UI Configuration.
Development of required client specific reporting.
Development of requirement integration components (SSO, LDAP, etc.).
Interface with ServiceNow development and operations teams to successfully set up the SaaS platform.
Be a key member of the overall implementation project team.
Prepare all client-facing and internal deliverables that are technology-related.
Mentor field resources in implementation methodology, configuration, and best practices for the ITOM application suite.
Scope and estimate project sized in collaboration with the various sales teams.
Lead requirement gathering workshops to identify use cases and value-based acceptance criteria.
Drive the continuous improvements of our implementation methodology and service offerings based on client experiences.
Up to 50% travel annually.

In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has a strong technical understanding of Infrastructure and Operations Management, coupled with demonstrated experience in influencing and consulting. You will also have experience in one or more of the following areas:


CMDB, Discovery, and Service Mapping:
Comprehension of, and the ability to communicate and implement the ITIL CMDB Model.
Public and private cloud providers such as AWS, Azure, Oracle, VMware, and their corresponding Web APIs and Java SDKs.
Knowledge of typical tiered application architectures (Microservices, Portal Applications, Client-server, etc.).
Strong Infrastructure knowledge of current Compute, Network and Storage platforms.
Advanced and current understanding (and practice) in Windows Domain and Unix System Administration, including the understanding of described domain structures, user permission levels, group policy objects and the execution of SUDO Policies.
Current knowledge of common IP protocols and experience at troubleshooting Network connectivity and firewall issues.
Discovery technologies (ADDM, TADDM, DDMA/UD, etc.).
Service modelling techniques (TPL, TQL, etc.).
Understanding of industry-standard protocols and architectures such as HTTP, TCP, SNMP, SOAP, and REST.
IT Operations experience in storage, network, and compute of enterprise environments.
Scripting with PowerShell, WMI, SSH, Python, JavaScript, and XPath.
Intermediate to deep level understanding of Ruby, Java, and JavaScript RegEx.
Hands-on experience with installing and configuring Enterprise-scale applications such as Oracle, WebSphere, Apache.
Enterprise architecture domains.
Service-oriented and distributed application architecture in the enterprise (web services, data access and persistence, client/server, etc.).
Ability to research and independently learn new technical information in order to perform configuration, operation, or network connectivity of applications, operating systems and network devices.


Event Management:
Experience with managing Event Management platforms such as Netcool, HPOM, BPPM, etc.
Experience with monitoring platforms such as SolarWinds, SCOM, Nagios, Dynatrace, etc.
Understanding of SNMP MIBs and OIDs.
Intermediate understanding of networking functionality, advanced troubleshooting including the ability to gather and analyse raw event data.
Advanced ability to modify and create server-side object-oriented JavaScript, JSON, Regular Expressions (RegEx).
Intermediate understanding of Network Fault Management and how it relates to the client’s business. Knowing the right questions to ask and where to get information.
Understanding of industry-standard protocols and architectures such as HTTP, TCP, SNMP, SOAP, and REST.
For all consulting roles with ServiceNow, all applicants require:


Consultancy Skills:
Exceptional communication and presentation skills to include technical and business concepts.
Demonstrated ability to influence and consult (providing options with pros, cons, and risks) around all key technical decisions during project delivery
Strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude, ability to deal with cultural diversity
Proven team player and team builder
Degree or equivalent, preferably in Information Technology and proven experience in technical consulting roles
Federal projects require appropriate security clearance
We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits, and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the busin",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=9f7cd88840df9137&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=24b96ff0c49d138d&assa=9494,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9f7cd88840df9137&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
56,public administration,Indeed,p_68ba945e3717abaa,Cloud Native Engineering DevSecOps Lead,Templeton and Partners, Amsterdam,"Job Type Contract

Location Amsterdam

Area Netherlands

Sector Cloud Platform & Infrastructure

Salary Market related

Start Date ASAP

Job Ref KW-29713

Description

Templeton are seeking a DevSecOps Lead, with strong experience in Palo Alto Networks, to help shape the future of software engineering and data modelling for our global client in Amsterdam,
As a DevSecOps Lead you will manage a team of global DevSecOps Engineers who partner with development teams throughout the organization with the goal of improving product security, features, and flow reliability.
12 month contract!!
Our Tech stack: Azure & AWS, Packer, Terraform, Vault, Jenkins, Docker, EKS (Kubernetes), Prometheus, Grafana, EFK, Pager Duty, and more!
On a Normal Day, You Will

Drive a team responsible for design and implementation of our networking and security architecture, including security compliance frameworks and complex global networks

Oversee the management of day to day operations for our platforms network firewalls (Palo Alto Networks), WAF, IAM and security groups

Work very closely with the Engineering teams to craft and enforce security policy as relates to DevOps, infrastructure and more

Collaborate effectively with information Risk Management, Compliance and Engineering to implement best practices, remediate vulnerabilities, educate employees, and keep our platform secure

Help to prevent security incidents and respond effectively to them when they do happen

Audit and harden existing infrastructure, automation, code and process

Help to scale the infrastructure to keep up with our incredible growth

You Have
Grit, drive and a deep feeling of ownership.

BS or MS in Computer Science or a related technical discipline. Equivalent practical experience is a reasonable substitute.

Familiarity with all aspects of security in regard to building public cloud services

Expert knowledge of our key tech stack services: PAN Firewalls, AWS, Azure. Terraform, Jenkins & Kubernetes

Solid understanding of networking and RDBMS/Database technologies (Oracle, Dynamo dB, RDS)

Strong Linux administration and scripting experience

Understanding and practice with at least one compliance framework (Bonus points and sympathy for previous PCI exposure)

Comfortable working independently and leading a team in lean DevOps cultures

Experience in requirements identification, solution analysis/testing, and product selection

Excellent communication and presentation skills",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=68ba945e3717abaa&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=12e759d8662355ae&assa=5672,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=68ba945e3717abaa&fccid=9dfcd754d9d29a36&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
57,public administration,Indeed,p_740ad42d7ea7494a,Cloud DevOps engineer,Prodapt Solutions, Amsterdam Zuid,"For one our innovative client projects we’re hiring a cloud native development team with AWS experience. The role will involve understanding and implementing APIs and creating software to build cloud native applications.

Develop cloud architecture for R&D and product implementation.
Manage infrastructure on AWS cloud & on-premises environment in NetDevOps environments.
Design cloud infrastructure as code & Evangelizing and enabling others to use available code to deploy infrastructure using IaC.
Own design, delivery and test low-level designs and infrastructure as code.
Deliver and promote automation throughout the platform infrastructure in our data centers and public cloud vendors
Deliver low level platform designs and infrastructure as code, working effectively with other teams as part of an Agile Squad or Scrum as required for Agile EPIC delivery.
Ensure the platforms are compliant with security policies of Customer organization and industry standards
Apply code review techniques, create, and maintain technical documentation.

Required Experience

Solid cloud infrastructure design and development experience, ideally in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Should have good working knowledge and project experience on Containerisation with Kubernetes or Docker.
Should have good working experience with Cloud-native architectures, including public cloud PaaS / IaaS, micro-services, APIs (TM Forum).
Hands on experience in network programming and infrastructure as code automation (Terraform, Terragrunt, Ansible, Cloudformation, etc..)
Ability to write code efficiently in one programming language: Bash, Python, JavaScript, Golang, PowerShell or other.
Strong Linux administration skills.
Familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies, TDD (Test Driven Development) and CI/CD pipelines (GitLab, Jenkins).
Experience with Cloud Security principles, technologies, design and deployment and conduct security design assessment reviews after it is deployed and suggest mitigations.

Must have technical / professional qualifications: At least one of the following:
AWS Architect
AWS SysOps engineer
AWS networking specialist.
Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)

Good to have

Red Hat Certified Specialist in Ansible Automation.
Linux Foundation Certified Engineer (LFCE)",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=740ad42d7ea7494a&fccid=d2d10c0398b961e8&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
58,public administration,Indeed,p_398242508bd2a6c1,Site Reliability Engineer (Remote),FreshBooks, Amsterdam,"FreshBooks has a big vision. We launched in 2003 but we're just getting started and there's a lot left to do. We're a high performing team working towards a common goal: building an elite online accounting application to help small businesses better handle their finances. Known for extraordinary customer service and based in Toronto, Canada, FreshBooks serves paying customers in over 120 countries.

The Opportunity - Site Reliability Engineer (Remote)

The Shared Services team at FreshBooks is looking for talented & experienced engineers to help us build and support our cloud infrastructure. Join our growing organization and you will get a chance to be in the driving seat of innovation and change at FreshBooks.

As a Site Reliability Engineer, you'll be joining a team of mix background technologists. Our mandate is to provide secure, flexible and stable platform solutions that empower our feature development teams to create the highest quality services for our customers. This team is also responsible for Reliability Engineering at FreshBooks.

What you'll do:

Develop, deploy and operate cloud native infrastructure, on GCP, for the FreshBooks' SaaS accounting platform.
Taking a data-driven approach to operations you will drive a culture of automation, both within the team and throughout the organization, to scale FreshBooks efficiently and reliably.
Partner with developer teams to establish Service Level Indicators (SLIs) and Service Level Objectives (SLOs) to the existing FreshBooks' services that make up our product.
Performing service criticality and reliability analysis of each subsystem of FreshBooks' systems.
Developing & Improving application & Infrastructure monitoring and alerting standards
Helping raise the bar on our incident response management process and joining a periodic on-call rotation.
You will help harden & operate various technologies used at FreshBooks like: RabbitMQ Service, DNS, Kubernetes, GCP networking, etc.
Create cutting edge cloud infrastructure through Infrastructure-as-Code and automation
Build and improve cloud infrastructure self-service tooling that powers our internal platform used by hundreds of developers.
Lead and participate in technical discussions to aid system design, analysis, and troubleshooting.

We think you'll be an amazing fit for this position if your application can demonstrate:

5+ years as a software engineer and writing Infrastructure as a code.
You have spent at least 2 years as a Site Reliability Engineer.
You have a natural instinct to drive for operational maturity with partner teams.
You have demonstrated experience supporting at least one of the predominant public clouds (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Bonus points for experience on GCP.
You have a deep understanding of Cloud computing concepts and solutions.
You have hands-on experience with container technologies, like Docker runtime and Kubernetes orchestration.
You have hands-on experience working with Infrastructure-as-Code tools such as Terraform.
You have expertise with Linux Operating system administration and a good understanding of Linux fundamentals like signals, scheduling, filesystems.
You have strong TCP/IP networking knowledge preferably across the cloud deployment stack - DNS, LDAP, network routing, L3/L7 protocols etc.
Very Strong problem solving & troubleshooting skills including ability to perform root cause analysis and preventative analysis.
Experience using and/or implementing modern observability tooling such as Prometheus, InfluxDB, Grafana, Logstash, Kibana or Jaeger.
Experience with APM and monitoring tools such as DataDog and New Relic.
You are available after hours for planned activities and support as required.

It's a bonus if you have:

Experience with continuous integration pipelines (you'll work closely with our Engineering Effectiveness team to help us get quality code in front of customers quickly).
Experience with web applications developed in Python.
A degree in Computer Science/Engineering or Information Technology.
Why Join Us

We're a motivated bunch, with our eyes laser-focused on shipping extraordinary experiences to businesses. You will be surrounded by hardworking team members who share a common vision for what an amazing software company could be, and have the opportunity to help build an elite one, right here in downtown Toronto.

Apply Now

Have we got your attention? Submit your application today and a member of our recruitment team will be in touch with you shortly!

FreshBooks is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, religion, race, mental disability, sexual orientation, age, or any other status. All applicants are considered based on their qualifications and merits. At FreshBooks, we inspire an environment of mutual respect and we believe diversity and inclusion are crucial to our success.

FreshBooks provides employment accommodation during the recruitment process. Should you require any accommodation, please indicate this on your application and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs. For any questions, suggestions or required documents regarding accessibility in a different format, please contact us at phone 416-780-2700 and/or accessibility@freshbooks.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=398242508bd2a6c1&fccid=785af18d53962443&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-02-05,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
59,public administration,Indeed,pj_eb889a5175d1dc86,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215hjYCnJiBHo86YSQzk6lg6BJsOCuDSawnXglBzd2U0yQ2aNpWEoUMVR0B3u-2PxdPvItUXRvY5AdCF46LkfVm0l_5E88Rex87DoYfhwCR-tGlOPeckSsBmKHWssCrnuk-v62AtI8scUjBAPch4GlqS3OZuKnondZjbXWLZsu-A5eBHCmg0VN3eiVk2Tr2HoK0OZN4p1OMbTx46OnrlxEUUYGV5XDj0SpMhjLCyCC8gTDuignTSSEBa4G_10voHdIyWAoEqvd12BYcB-5dXqzawdOUMX0f1hBFyzr84CBsA5p1cmI-xJMvJ2XfHsoLEe7J9&astse=b8548759520d1777&assa=8895,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215hjYCnJiBHo86YSQzk6lg6BJsOCuDSawnXglBzd2U0yQ2aNpWEoUMVR0B3u-2PxdPvItUXRvY5AdCF46LkfVm0l_5E88Rex87DoYfhwCR-tGlOPeckSsBmKHWssCrnuk-v62AtI8scUjBAPch4GlqS3OZuKnondZjbXWLZsu-A5eBHCmg0VN3eiVk2Tr2HoK0OZN4p1OMbTx46OnrlxEUUYGV5XDj0SpMhjLCyCC8gTDuignTSSEBa4G_10voHdIyWAoEqvd12BYcB-5dXqzawdOUMX0f1hBFyzr84CBsA5p1cmI-xJMvJ2XfHsoLEe7J9&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
60,public administration,Indeed,pj_5b84c1abe208198d,Technical Specialist - XENTRY Backdesk Support Kundenbetreuungscenter,MercedesBenz Customer Assistance Center Maastricht, Amsterdam,"The organisation__**The Mercedes-Benz Customer Assistance Center is an international multicultural organization and an integrated part of Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz Cars Marketing & Sales. In our offices in Maastricht we think and act globally and assume a leading role for the Mercedes-Benz Customer Assistance Centers all over the world. Our goal is to provide excellent assistance to our customers and dealers of well-known Daimler brands like Mercedes-Benz, AMG, smart, Setra and Mercedes me. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, we ensure our customers’ mobility with our roadside assistance. Additionally, we take care of all kinds of enquiries about passenger cars, trucks and vans during our opening hours. For our customers we are maybe the most important connection to the Mercedes-Benz brand. That’s why we live the brand’s most important promise: “The best or nothing”.The ""XENTRY Support KBC"" is a part of the CACs Retail Service Department. We assist the Daimler Retailer Network and external business entities (e.g. independent workshops) worldwide regarding to XENTRY Products and specific Aftersales Services. Our main customers are the MB Market Centers and MB representatives of each country.We support them in regards to all administrative and commercial requests in German & English. For example, about XENTRY Shop, XENTRY System Contract Administration, XENTRY Software Licenses (StartKeys) and XENTRY Customer Data Management, but also indirectly related products and Aftersales Access Rights (e.g. VeDoc, XENTRY Flash), as well as Shipment Documentation and Shipment Complaints. Furthermore we are responsible for the handling of credit notes, including the decision and granting of it, worth approximately 2,5 million Euros a year.The function__*Task and Responsibilities: *Handle incoming queries (email, phone, tickets) from B2B customers and respond in a timely and professional mannerProactively monitor all incoming communication channels and prioritize requests according to urgency and importanceProvide general information and assistance regarding the diagnostic systems and other processes by using the knowledge acquired during the basic trainingsIndependently learn & keep up to date with business information on a daily basisAnalyze, investigate, accurately document & summarize all queries in our ticketing system according to established proceduresVerify and research information in aftersales applications and our specific knowledge management toolsCoordinate with direct team members, internal specialists and departments to resolve complex enquiries or complaints and recognize trendsDiscrete and adequate handling of confidential information, related to customer data as well as financial transactions and records considering established legal guidelinesRequirements__**Our ideal candidate is acting as our Brand Ambassador. He/she is highly perceptive, customer focused and is able to understand and manage expectations.We are looking for a native/near native German speaker who is also fluent in English with strong (B2B) communication skills both written and verbal. Due to the nature of our business, the candidate also needs to be computer literate and have good understanding of MS Office Applications. Some basic knowledge Daimler Aftersales Applications is an advantage.Superior organizational skills, methodical approach to problem solving, pro-activeness, ability to work independently are key requirements. Our fast moving and dynamic environment requires flexibility and ability to work according to established processes, guidelines and policies without detriment for own stress.We believe in the strength of doing things together, therefore teamwork is an essential part of our daily business. We aim for candidates with an open communication style and can-do attitude that work well in an intercultural team and will contribute to our Feedback Culture.We offerWe offer you a job in a multicultural, young and informal international working environment with interesting conditions, both primary and secondary:Definite contract for 1 year, with option to permanent contract afterwardsWorking hours: 40 hours a week, Monday-Friday between 08:00 and 18:00Lucrative relocation package. If applicable, you will also be reimbursed for first arrival, housing fee, and moving costs200 vacation hours (based on full time employment)Holiday allowance: 8% of annual salaryCompetitive performance based salary growthResult oriented bonusesCollective health insurance at discounted ratesPension planTransportation plan: free bike every 3 years or; free public transport or or; contribution to fuel costsA “tailor made” individual development planThe procedureReferences:General information on the XENTRY Diagnosis Systems: Link to Diagnosis-WorldSetup of the current XENTRY Diagnosis System: Link to Animated InformationLinkedin Profile: Mercedes-Benz Customer Assistance Center Maastricht NVPlease use the “apply” button to upload your CV and motivation letter (both in English).Due to data privacy reasons we cannot accept any applications sent by email. Please be so kind to use the link provided.Job Type: Full-time",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5b84c1abe208198d&from=vj&sjdu=FUFOG_yiG_i_WjrOoU5MUx4hRtbWUUTTEFHC6jikOKRtLaoOHMVeM1T0wjlvRbMKAfWTvxSBPey4gqm3pjzy1-akPl3EreoLFo3xGhTDHJZWHuqhIuO7bOo5Zjd6rF1UcdBhTO7Y7rh_FBpt5JvPOjQ2b9Il319ZICwwVIqdchs&spon=1&adid=363207392&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CGrsTirOXC9eu_t_J2UUkie1Ogc-mEY7jyvHNwHSiHrYeh-_pH-UkM_L4strX9Y-m4kHknl9fU2oeudazDNuG0joufbr1_-gJRC1w8rfxjI5GcqTs3dfW3i1O3uI2sCp92k2ZigiuDNVAUZCZ1oE_-jZd6_9kt5eoi6Lrfgq2mSs9U3B1aIabbUdTidpQCfT7nSihiCBK4zwAOttEDWt4Mby2jCFQ0lLsY5rI37XGCAL0sgd3mI-Eeyd3oDj6duZHYTGVvwQ6W9OleVWigHM_mHsw_C0qw3cqE9HJcCP1h1jJzU1CmiUqbIoEoOjM9LRiaYyLIiApJPkJ9fo-4z33jaKHzLje_OoUpraVW1BPwqE-Y1-onH53itfjaf2roWfe5-rEB4d-A08QFR3vy1vP4zw93YSv3-VtMA-Q5pVv9uKx4mj2-7VDZYtwZ4v208xwcxcj25ouDS65znUehO0I6ynr96AAedFyb3X_sFFIRP51F4nvVazj0gncYvsboivh4RUsM5XRT_zD-RfJ4pyE9tZUQ-NXoOcGAabpGLiV0B1pOF5PIh0nXXOkRbZSmQBw=&astse=effe4b8e7e105b0a&assa=6547,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CGrsTirOXC9eu_t_J2UUkie1Ogc-mEY7jyvHNwHSiHrYeh-_pH-UkM_L4strX9Y-m4kHknl9fU2oeudazDNuG0joufbr1_-gJRC1w8rfxjI5GcqTs3dfW3i1O3uI2sCp92k2ZigiuDNVAUZCZ1oE_-jZd6_9kt5eoi6Lrfgq2mSs9U3B1aIabbUdTidpQCfT7nSihiCBK4zwAOttEDWt4Mby2jCFQ0lLsY5rI37XGCAL0sgd3mI-Eeyd3oDj6duZHYTGVvwQ6W9OleVWigHM_mHsw_C0qw3cqE9HJcCP1h1jJzU1CmiUqbIoEoOjM9LRiaYyLIiApJPkJ9fo-4z33jaKHzLje_OoUpraVW1BPwqE-Y1-onH53itfjaf2roWfe5-rEB4d-A08QFR3vy1vP4zw93YSv3-VtMA-Q5pVv9uKx4mj2-7VDZYtwZ4v208xwcxcj25ouDS65znUehO0I6ynr96AAedFyb3X_sFFIRP51F4nvVazj0gncYvsboivh4RUsM5XRT_zD-RfJ4pyE9tZUQ-NXoOcGAabpGLiV0B1pOF5PIh0nXXOkRbZSmQBw=&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
61,public administration,Indeed,p_68d344bf0775898a,Jr. Customer Support Specialist,Abbott Laboratories, Hoofddorp,"Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 107,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.
At the moment we are looking for a talented and highly driven Jr. Customer Support Specialist with the affinity in the IT sector to join our team on a full-time basis.
Primary Objective of Position
Working under general to direct supervision in accordance with company policies, practices and procedures. Working in close collaboration with the sales team and provide remotely and also on-site IT support to our clients.
Major Accountabilities
Responsible for the installation of software packages on client site, making sure the new software matches the IT of the client
Intervention on client site 40-50% percent of the time
Assist the client in the configuration and possible problems that exist with the software-use
Define the users and the necessary accesses that need to be given.
Train the users on the use of the software – cloud solution
You are a point of contact for the users (Nurses, Doctors, IT, …) for all questions related to Abbott IT packages, also as a tandem functioning with the sales team in the field.
You have the knowledge about networking protocols and dimensions around digital solutions in healthcare environment.
Your profile:
Bachelor’s degree within business and administration or similar
1-2 years of experience or internships in a similar role
Fluent bilingual in both verbal & written English and Dutch,
Strong communication, listening and problem-solving skills
Ability to interact with people at all levels of an organization
Independent and reliable
Ability to make public presentation and engage listeners
Willingness to learn and strong adaptability
Interest in sales and relationship management
What do we offer?
Abbott provides a varied, challenging position in a dynamic and pleasant working environment. In our organization, you can count on excellent primary and secondary benefits (for example: holiday payment, 13th month salary, pension) a positive working atmosphere, a personal growth plan, extensive training opportunities and good career perspective.
How to apply?
If you are interested in this vacancy, in working at Abbott, and you recognize yourself in the aforementioned description, then we are interested in receiving your cv. You can apply by sending in your cv and motivation via our website. For more information you can contact Valeria Calenici, Recruiter via recruitment.netherlands@abbott.com.
Part of our selection process is checking references and we will require your Certificate for Conduct. An assessment center can also be part of the recruitment process.
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER - Abbott welcomes and encourages diversity in our workforce.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=68d344bf0775898a&fccid=7942658690eba67c&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
62,public administration,Indeed,pj_696ba9a418446217,Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Management Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
3-6 years relevant working experience (e.g. Consulting)
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Inge Neuteboom through inge.neuteboom@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=696ba9a418446217&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfKyHXYb0ro1yvEvhCh4_n1EYQQu8HNcqnFLuw-0W5kjw&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExr2bkCrIi8cjYL5vLV2FvkUesIW47vhUXXPiNyJBwm9OG45Hj6hCTgF2t03NrcoRQ25urvi2mxO9c2hoFkORrSQSv4YSNYOx91l4trmzIl19gJ9pZC0HXdEvEfCMLTHD4VOakbpdgqe4fmlJfHc63wAuzDxc6hiuNl7bp5sP0HrW6JmOaMyFylsb05AdPkXkVzSf1peMGyJhyXTLs-ATouneZt3nSIkI3yapUueDG8J8HCGT-jGhW6PPg-VAAeuLF_k7zvf5jqrTH4lFY64eEauVxpN1UgtLV91ZyqMyKHl7xBYwRsYFJlYUmCtXpQi__A3b43CBuF799OaJmkUxuvn4QSL-P_nEtunY6fY5RlyuNkgmBVzl-AbHfnLm_Q06Id0JJ-O6j07sBrmVv83ZteB&astse=f3cefa8a17fa591c&assa=8040,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExr2bkCrIi8cjYL5vLV2FvkUesIW47vhUXXPiNyJBwm9OG45Hj6hCTgF2t03NrcoRQ25urvi2mxO9c2hoFkORrSQSv4YSNYOx91l4trmzIl19gJ9pZC0HXdEvEfCMLTHD4VOakbpdgqe4fmlJfHc63wAuzDxc6hiuNl7bp5sP0HrW6JmOaMyFylsb05AdPkXkVzSf1peMGyJhyXTLs-ATouneZt3nSIkI3yapUueDG8J8HCGT-jGhW6PPg-VAAeuLF_k7zvf5jqrTH4lFY64eEauVxpN1UgtLV91ZyqMyKHl7xBYwRsYFJlYUmCtXpQi__A3b43CBuF799OaJmkUxuvn4QSL-P_nEtunY6fY5RlyuNkgmBVzl-AbHfnLm_Q06Id0JJ-O6j07sBrmVv83ZteB&p=7&fvj=0&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
63,public administration,Indeed,p_ce26861a517a0c3b,Head of Customer Due Diligence,LYNX BV, Amsterdam,"With your knowledge about anti-money laundering and terrorist financing, combined with your managerial and process-orientated skills, you bring the international CDD department of LYNX to the next level
“LYNX helps you invest in yourself""
""Working at LYNX means joining the LYNX family""
""The development opportunities make LYNX the best place to work""
This is what the employees say about LYNX and it is exactly what we want to offer: a relaxed and informal work environment where you can get the best out of yourself. At our office in the heart of Amsterdam, we work every day to offer both private and professional clients the best trading opportunities, with a fast, user-friendly, and reliable trading platform.
LYNX is looking for an experienced Head of Customer Due Diligence with an international focus (based in Amsterdam). You will be part of the AML organization in which we have organized all the activities from customer onboarding up to transaction monitoring.
This is what we offer:
This role at LYNX is the perfect opportunity to give your career in the financial world a boost. We offer:
A salary depending on your educational level and work experience;
a fixed 13th month;
8% holiday allowance;
a discretionary annual bonus based on company results;
pension scheme that is fully paid by LYNX;
lunch from our cook, beverages & fruit;
public transport travel allowance;
home office equipment;
continuous growth potential and a training budget of € 2,000 per year;
trips & activities with your colleagues (of course not many at the moment);
a good working atmosphere in a young team.
What you do as a Head of Customer Due Diligence
Your mission is to lead the international client facing departments by optimizing the teams, procedures, and work methods. The departments are responsible for managing the entire customer life cycle from onboarding to termination of the relationship. You are the direct report of four team leads who are responsible for approximately 80 employees spread over the four branches. You report directly to our COO and work closely together with our FEC specialist and Compliance.
In this role, you will focus on improving and aligning the CDD processes. Your first task is to review these processes, optimize them, and make sure the teams use the same methods & systems and deliver the same quality. This means, you have to make firm decisions from time to time and you are able to create support for that. You efficiently oversee the processes and ensure that the right people are allocated to the right tasks. The output of the teams is monitored by you on a daily basis and you create monthly reports to inform the COO about the progress.
Next to that, you will focus on reaching the full potential of the individual team leads and their teams. This means you provide training on substantive topics and you coach the team leads by having progress conversations on a regular basis. You will also be responsible for hiring new talent and optimizing the teams' talents and skills together with HR.
The focus words of this role are: change management, stakeholder management, optimization & people management. With your expertise on these topics, you are able to design this role in a way that brings LYNX to the next level of professionality.
This is you:
You have extensive (at least 7-10 years) experience with managing client-facing departments;
You have a university degree (such as Business Administration, Economics), or equivalent extensive working experience;
You understand investment companies and have professional knowledge of AML/ CTF risks, the related processes, technology, and developments in this area;
You have affinity or interest in optimization of KYC/CDD processes through digitalization and automation;
You are fluent in English and Dutch (verbally and in writing);
You are a good communicator, being able to convey complex messages in a simple way to bring adherence to “why” change is required to achieve effective management of AML/ CTF risks;
You have excellent management skills; you discuss the strategic goals, mission, and vision with your team members and the strategic role they play in inspiring their teams;
You are excellent in inspiring and coaching your team members; you encourage them to use their talents and competencies to achieve the organization's goals;
You have organizational sensitivity; you feel comfortable making changes within the organization.
For this role, it is required that you travel several times a year to our European branches.
Apply:
We are looking forward to your application! Please send us your current cv and cover letter in English to Ivanka Kramer (HR specialist). We strive to process your application within a week. The application process consists of two interviews and the interviews will be via Microsoft teams. The first interview will be with HR and the FEC Specialist, and the second interview will be with the Chief Operating Officer and the AML Compliance Officer.
About LYNX
The best choice for anyone who takes investing seriously
LYNX is an online broker established in 2006 that offers execution-only services to investors throughout Europe. Clients of LYNX can trade worldwide in stocks, options, forex, futures, and similar exchange-listed securities and derivatives via the IB platform. The focus of LYNX is in particular on the experienced and more active investor. LYNX has offices in four European cities (Amsterdam, Ghent, Berlin, and Prague), in which more than 60.000 customers are serviced across the Netherlands, Finland, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, France, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland. LYNX is supervised by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority Financial Markets, ‘AFM’) and De Nederlandsche Bank (Dutch Central Bank, ‘DNB’).
For the execution of orders and the holding of an investment account, an agreement stands with Interactive Brokers (IB). IB is a subsidiary of the IBKR Group (a US-based global player in the field of online brokerage), which is listed on NASDAQ and has a market capitalization of around $22 billion. Due to the collaboration with IB, investors can execute their orders against low commissions via a state-of-the-art platform with useful trading tools. The investment services that LYNX provides consist of receiving and forwarding orders to Interactive Brokers (hereinafter ‘IB’). This is referred to as an execution-only service.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=ce26861a517a0c3b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=f93d618ad9ed7666&assa=444,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ce26861a517a0c3b&fccid=286504d52a575665&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
64,public administration,Indeed,p_81cdd5ec889bf1b8,Finance Project Consultant Business Process Improvement (BPI) at Ahold Delhaize,europeanbusinessservices, Zaandam,"Jouw nieuwe baan en werkplek
For our operational brands in the Netherlands (Albert Heijn, Etos and Gall & Gall) we are looking for a Project Consultant with a Finance background who can be a linking pin between a project manager and is a finance techie. Someone who is change minded, driven and enjoy in taking on challenging projects.
Does this interest youand do you have excellent communication skills, both in Dutch (required!) and English? Please take your time and read the vacancy.
The job
The objective for the Business Process Improvement (BPI) team is to manage and support change. Our main responsibility is to drive and realize the Business Services Finance Change & Improvement agenda, by conducting a wide variety of projects. You will be participating in various projects that have impact on finance processes to make sure that these initiatives fit into the Business Services catalogue.
You can use project management skills, agile way of working and process optimization techniques to realize and secure smart and scalable solutions.
What would be a “normal” working day look like, you wonder?
Well, you will be a part of a team consisting of finance professionals who are self-starting, independent and have a strong drive to realize change;
You will be participating in a broad spectrum of business projects and represent Business Services Finance as a true representative and connector;
Also, you will be building a broad network of internal customers / stakeholders (business management, business controllers, project leads, IT departments, Genpact);
You (re-)design end-to-end financial processes, including the necessary controls, ensuring that our stakeholders can conduct business in an efficient and effective manner;
Overall you will be developing and applying project management, will work agile and use process optimization techniques and are an active participant in project decision taking.
Within Ahold Delhaize, the Business Services Finance (BSF) department has two main departments underneath this structure: 1) the Finance & Accounting Operations and 2) the BSF Projects department. BSF Projects hosts three project teams:
Business Process Improvement (BPI): Team with five consultants who participate in business projects to make sure that all business processes have future proof, standardized and in control back office solutions;
Finance & Accounting Transformation (F&A T, also a vacancy available): Team with four consultants who drive finance transformation projects to ensure a future ready finance function. This is done by creating world class finance processes which are automated to the extent possible;
Robotics Process Automation (RPA): Team with a core team of four internal RPA specialists and a flexible external developer pool. Together the team drives the automation of work agenda by developing & maintaining administrative robots, conversational (chat)bots, and other automation techniques.
As BPI Consultant your home base is the Icoon building, but you will walk several miles between de Icoon and our head office.
Covid-19
Our main priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees and customers. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this position will be remote until further notice. We will continue monitor the circumstances and when we feel comfortable, this position will return to our Headquarters in Zaandam, where you will have the opportunity to collaborate face-to-face with a talented and diverse group of colleagues. This also means that all job interviews for this position will take place via video calls.
Dit bieden we jou
Here at Ahold Delhaize we aim to grow. This is only possible if you grow along with us. That’s why we help you to take your career and personal development in the direction you want to go. As we work together to build on our brand as well as your career, you can count on (based on 40 hours per week):
The opportunity to be part of team of finance professionals that is responsible for a challenging Improvement Agenda, contributing to Ahold Delhaize’s strategy of Simplicity and Efficient Finance Solutions;
Work in the dynamic and continuously changing environment of Ahold Delhaize and food retail in general;
An environment where development and sharing of content knowledge and personal skills are an integral part of work.
Besides a dynamic environment, you can count on:
a gross monthly salary up to € 4.000,- (per 40 hours) based on your experience level and the level of peers in the same role.
25,5 vacation days and 19,5 extra (work-reduction) days off, with the option of having the extra days off paid out.
vacation pay, so you can enjoy a well-deserved rest.
an excellent pension plan with an employee contribution of 6.2%.
reimbursement for travel expenses to and from Zaandam.
guaranteed dividends as well as attractive discounts on various insurance policies.
a laptop and phone (iPhone or Samsung).
a 10%-discount on your groceries at our Albert Heijn stores up to €300 per year.
regular fun events, and delectable samplings with free products.
Dit breng je mee
A University degree in for example Business Administration, Economics, or other relevant (financial) area;
Work experience of 2 - 4 years as a (Project) Consultant, project manager or similar job profile. Process design experience and tech savviness is a big plus. Experienced in a Finance oriented role is a big plus, since you would be working in a Finance department;
You are a process thinker: knowledge of (retail) processes is a plus but not required;
You have strong analytic skills, are self-starting and independent;
In possession of strong communication skills and advising skills. Kick ass pitching skills are a plus;
Some projects may require travelling to foreign Ahold Delhaize and/or Genpact locations.
What is our ideal candidate? Someone who…
…simply wants to be part of the best team within Business Services Finance;
…is driven by implementing core financial services and participate in a broad spectrum of projects;
…stand out as partner for change within the organization;
…can be a self-starter, can analyze data and loves to do this;
…is not scared to think outside the box and to present a pitch for a broad public.
More information
Seeing is experiencing. This applies to our stores and our office in Zaandam, perhaps your new workplace, where you, as a Consultant BPI, can influence the most famous Dutch retail brands.
Would you like to learn more first before applying? Sebastiaan Taling, Talent Acquisition Partner can tell you a lot more about this position via sebastiaan.taling@aholddelhaize.com
Please don’t apply via this email address, but apply via the button on the website.
Interested and would like to apply?
In order to apply for this role, we request an updated resume (preferably in pdf). In addition, we would like to ask you not to send a standard motivation letter, but to formulate an answer to the following questions:
What draw you to apply for the position of Consultant BPI at Ahold Delhaize?
What experiences do you already have in a similar role, that could be similar to this one;
Why do you think you will be successful in this position? Please indicate one of your personal strengths and one skill you wish to improve or develop.
Deadline and Recruitment process
After the 7th of March 23:59 we will take the time to go through every single application. The interview process will consist of an online assessment, two interviews and an interesting business case. Don't wait untill the very end to apply, since we will review resumes prior to the deadline.
Note for recruitment agencies:
We appreciate your enthusiasm and think it’s great you noticed this vacancy ánd have the perfect fitted candidate for the job. We believe we can find this perfect candidate as well and have proven to be very successful in the past. Therefore, we only approach agencies ourselves and only with which we have a good understanding.
WO
Medior
Finance
NLD-Zaandam, Provincialeweg 11
Je gaat werken bij",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=81cdd5ec889bf1b8&fccid=82155e7dde95fe39&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
65,public administration,Indeed,p_cb0c5a129a11c3b5,Senior Associate - Consulting,GEP, Amsterdam,"Company Overview:

Company Overview
GEP is a diverse, creative team of 4000+ employees passionate about procurement. We invest ourselves entirely in our client’s success, creating strong collaborative relationships that deliver extraordinary value year after year. Our clients include global market leaders with international operations, Fortune 500 and Global 2000 enterprises, leading government and public institutions.
We deliver practical, effective services and software that enable procurement leaders to maximise their impact on business operations, strategy and financial performance. That’s just some of the things that we do in our quest to build a beautiful company, enjoy the journey and make a difference.
Department Overview
 As global leaders in procurement consulting, we help global organizations to rapidly achieve more efficient, more effective operations, with greater strategic reach and increased business impact. With deep expertise in procurement transformation, we guide enterprise procurement teams towards a new target operating model one where strategy, technology and operations combine to deliver game-changing business outcomes. Our comprehensive range of procurement consulting capabilities include: Procurement Transformation, Opportunity Assessment, Strategic Cost Management, M&A Services and Supply Risk Management.
What you will do:

Role Overview:
As a Senior Associate, you will be involved in every phase of a consulting engagement, from pre-proposal research through final implementation. Almost immediately, you will join a project team, working at a client location, sharing your ideas, solving problems and providing solutions in the areas of purchasing, supply chain management, business process outsourcing, and technology. Candidates will build their project management and client management skills, and further develop their communication and presentation abilities.
Location: Netherlands or Germany
Gathering and analysing data
Helping to generate proposals and lead certain client and analyst teams
Recommending actions and help clients implement them
Having opportunities to create intellectual capital and recruit new consultants
Working closely with senior management and clients to create customised purchasing proposals
Analysing client spend data and creating deliverables for the project
Introducing suppliers to the client's purchasing needs, eSourcing process, and reverse auction technology
Understanding client needs to provide flawless service
Assisting with business development activities
Working with Corporate Communications to increase awareness of our services
Working with senior management to develop selling tools for key clients
What you should bring:

Qualifications/Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Economics, Finance, Accounting or related field with a GPA of 3.3 or above and at least 2-3 years prior consulting experience or industry experience
Demonstrated excellent quantitative, analytical, and communication skills
Strong academic, extracurricular, or work experience in business, Internet, or relevant industry areas is needed
Demonstrated highly motivated team player with the ability to work with minimal supervision
Proficiency in MS Office Suite: including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel (ability to create formulas and to analyse data
Fluency in at least one of the following languages: French, German, Spanish
Growth Opportunity:
Candidates will have opportunities to further develop their skills as part of their continuous professional development through various training and development techniques offered within GEP.
On-going training to enhance senior client relationship management skills
Diverse exposure to GEP’s clients in several Industry verticals – Manufacturing, LifeSciences, Automobile, CPG etc.
Lateral career progression (upon proven capabilities) to GEP’s service roles – Supply Chain, Technology and other Consulting area
Why join us?
GEP is a place where individuality is prized, and talent respected. We’re focused on what is real and effective. GEP is where good ideas and great people are recognized, results matter, ability and hard work drive achievements. We’re a learning organization, actively looking for people to help shape, grow and continually improve us.
GEP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by law. We are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=cb0c5a129a11c3b5&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2c48db9231261365&assa=5088,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cb0c5a129a11c3b5&fccid=387c61247677ed98&vjs=3,4 dagen geleden,4 dagen geleden,2021-02-28,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
66,public administration,Indeed,p_8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215h94Im9mILMdYGxlQjBfTtq-Rpv-_mRi_ENucv4dm-6d-ffqE6YHsfnsjYd9Ql8ZmZsOaIylzjWL-i8WYV_mLwxATB7XYJ0v6bZv_RrfNNHt7HqKHNnkMG_Sb0_JOGMZhd4DHTVX83yC7wnfx0PFiO7fownsoYGvy3bSG4GQL1tANz8yYMfIRMHYMR5UOHRtSXIlK5IC5n7YIMKb-2gy0f6JjWBNiquFokr4PyU5xLBngsygowrYgLfyvPI-7ave6mQngP1uNNLQfu3YNya9XcE2PQSsDpuxFoxLI15p8wlA9ij3eo_o1A3uVgEkNLdNFoS8zsNdXb0a4=&astse=9da9cbb4c19ed6c6&assa=2247,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9&fccid=bc128eeb6f779630&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
67,public administration,Indeed,pj_5bc5e08fe11636a7,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215h94Im9mILMdYGxlQjBfTtq-Rpv-_mRi_ENucv4dm-6d-ffqE6YHsfnsjYd9Ql8ZmZsOaIylzjWL-i8WYV_mLwxATB7XYJ0v6bZv_RrfNNHt7HqKHNnkMG_Sb0_JOGMZhd4DHTVX83yC7wnfx0PFiO7fownsoYGvy3bSG4GQL1tANz8yYMfIRMHYMR5UOHRtSXIlK5IC5n7YIMKb-2gy0f6JjWBNiquFokr4PyU5xLBngsygowrYgLfyvPI-7ave6mQngP1uNNLQfu3YNya9XcE2PQSsDpuxFoxLI15p8wlA9ij3eo_o1A3uVgEkNLdNFoS8zsNdXb0a4=&astse=9da9cbb4c19ed6c6&assa=2247,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpTN3WQUHwHo2v_zfM10wj7fCiqU6nqxAlWC7uXbQ5td7yFPr6pChgwE_dqz5F_4ZftGXbDJlqAh8mhTyxWnUaBxaS0Dp12NJ9CamUFrBKpVLotBjfcgYT-AWakXUDKZgCeld1jJBE-i2J2m4MTn3_Op9CmSzumDzb1epr7lROR407eqV1BBY6DWZW0dDD94OHakqwBgc63mq5vJwi02KHWwxzCoAeQDL85xkQCX9xnPQDUwbyWsx9DrIjY9sxt_k6NyaLv-DovD9p5dXU3xQqJZYD-92Gh2u_VvyOa-k7xpuXzisBT8wHKEFWJ2T9y2Vux9smoB6IBHrtaUd8Ko3zkWdtMYsE_ZuVwv_p98FPnlPG9sgx9iIbkpLeq7IV4iAOyydyPYG0FuLtLuF05pZIRR-FLv-vT6wmjcl5LoV3vThJFuVxrukytg9u8vIC4Y7L6s9s6SV-9SsWSux58SJkWYdKIE8T-AQec=&p=5&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
68,public administration,Indeed,p_6cde3715b6919e3d,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215h94Im9mILMdYGxlQjBfTtq-Rpv-_mRi_ENucv4dm-6d-ffqE6YHsfnsjYd9Ql8ZmZsOaIylzjWL-i8WYV_mLwxATB7XYJ0v6bZv_RrfNNHt7HqKHNnkMG_Sb0_JOGMZhd4DHTVX83yC7wnfx0PFiO7fownsoYGvy3bSG4GQL1tANz8yYMfIRMHYMR5UOHRtSXIlK5IC5n7YIMKb-2gy0f6JjWBNiquFokr4PyU5xLBngsygowrYgLfyvPI-7ave6mQngP1uNNLQfu3YNya9XcE2PQSsDpuxFoxLI15p8wlA9ij3eo_o1A3uVgEkNLdNFoS8zsNdXb0a4=&astse=9da9cbb4c19ed6c6&assa=2247,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6cde3715b6919e3d&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
69,public administration,Indeed,p_62fe3f21b124bf5f,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215h94Im9mILMdYGxlQjBfTtq-Rpv-_mRi_ENucv4dm-6d-ffqE6YHsfnsjYd9Ql8ZmZsOaIylzjWL-i8WYV_mLwxATB7XYJ0v6bZv_RrfNNHt7HqKHNnkMG_Sb0_JOGMZhd4DHTVX83yC7wnfx0PFiO7fownsoYGvy3bSG4GQL1tANz8yYMfIRMHYMR5UOHRtSXIlK5IC5n7YIMKb-2gy0f6JjWBNiquFokr4PyU5xLBngsygowrYgLfyvPI-7ave6mQngP1uNNLQfu3YNya9XcE2PQSsDpuxFoxLI15p8wlA9ij3eo_o1A3uVgEkNLdNFoS8zsNdXb0a4=&astse=9da9cbb4c19ed6c6&assa=2247,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=62fe3f21b124bf5f&fccid=8974a74734e375aa&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
70,public administration,Indeed,p_ee61ec4e8e97c151,Junior Management Consultant - Government,Accenture, Amsterdam,"We are looking for Consultants in our Government group, focusing on the advisory and delivery of complex new IT related projects.
The Government group is part of the Dutch Health & Public Services Industry within Accenture, with major leading government institutions, hospitals and health insurers. The Government group is part of our Health & Public Services Industry Group and is leading insights and innovative solutions to help public service leaders deliver better results for individuals, families and societies in a digital era.

Your Job
As a Junior Consultant at Accenture you will work on challenging projects at the intersection of business and IT for the government organizations across the netherlands. We mainly work with the larger executive bodies In driven teams you will develop innovative solutions that help them become ‘high-performance’ organizations. This includes the development of the digital or IT strategy, as well as the optimization, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data. You will work with cutting edge technology or you will smartly apply proven technologies. In addition, you will have the knowledge and expertise of our global network at your disposal.

Your team
Our consultants in Strategy & Consulting are changing businesses every day using deep industry insights, knowledge and innovative ideas. Positioned at the crucial intersection of business, technology and industry, we devise creative new strategies based on trends, insights and data. With an eye for competitive advantage, digital disruption, operating models and the future workforce, we take on the challenge of designing and implementing transformative business solutions, using the newest technology.
Our research-based advice and situational analyses enable our clients to act with speed and confidence. Whether we're investigating complex issues or identifying new opportunities, our work always comes down to one thing: unlocking value and creating real, tangible impacts.

Your background
Master’s Degree in the field of public administration/political science/information management/etc
0-2 yearsof relevant working experience
Affinity with innovation and technology
Fluent in Dutch and English

Our offer
Accenture is an incredible place to work - and keep learning. By joining us, you’ll become part of a global company with a world-class brand and reputation. Besides the work we do for our clients, we’re proud of our vibrant, diverse workplace culture: we believe in openness and honesty, fairness and equality, common sense and realism. We want to get to know the real you and help you explore and grow - whatever it is you're great at. So, you will always have lots of learning opportunities (formal and informal) to improve your role-specific skills and expertise.

Besides our high-profile, challenging projects and our nurturing work environment, we offer excellent employee benefits, including:

A flexible transport arrangement that suits your personal situation (electric car or bicycle, flexible budget including NS business card)
An expense allowance
Discount on Accenture shares
The possibility to work 4 x 9 hours a week

Interested?
Are you ready to join Accenture for a career where you can be yourself and do what you love? Apply now and change the world around you.

Questions? Connect with Josephine Sillevis Smit through j.sillevis.smit@accenture.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=eb889a5175d1dc86&from=vj&sjdu=aZEJ15zzFpFvIu3HGYgqtzQHNzGA03m-wnf9tXyCu8tQugaHwUVRDjoza2cGz-sfrWEReL4ctrXQIDcsJcLjL9I4QGBem-J9BVU-p4iuyFg&spon=1&adid=359585083&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CAfPLtvSc0KF_eHWGwkC81c5LTWPQKH5CJewu4hvDuCoJBV246NxyXR2SwCbDAExrQV8dAB9wBLNAZeX5fcjyDw9WXlOtCKJM0l3y8K90659idw4KQb3t7rKdea_84mtV8zz5adIB0lqP5cfZG215h94Im9mILMdYGxlQjBfTtq-Rpv-_mRi_ENucv4dm-6d-ffqE6YHsfnsjYd9Ql8ZmZsOaIylzjWL-i8WYV_mLwxATB7XYJ0v6bZv_RrfNNHt7HqKHNnkMG_Sb0_JOGMZhd4DHTVX83yC7wnfx0PFiO7fownsoYGvy3bSG4GQL1tANz8yYMfIRMHYMR5UOHRtSXIlK5IC5n7YIMKb-2gy0f6JjWBNiquFokr4PyU5xLBngsygowrYgLfyvPI-7ave6mQngP1uNNLQfu3YNya9XcE2PQSsDpuxFoxLI15p8wlA9ij3eo_o1A3uVgEkNLdNFoS8zsNdXb0a4=&astse=9da9cbb4c19ed6c6&assa=2247,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ee61ec4e8e97c151&fccid=de26065ba08f7249&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
71,public administration,Indeed,pj_5bc5e08fe11636a7,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
72,public administration,Indeed,p_ee61ec4e8e97c151,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ee61ec4e8e97c151&fccid=de26065ba08f7249&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
73,public administration,Indeed,p_0fbb58de9ae248ae,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0fbb58de9ae248ae&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
74,public administration,Indeed,p_6cde3715b6919e3d,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6cde3715b6919e3d&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
75,public administration,Indeed,p_8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9&fccid=bc128eeb6f779630&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
76,public administration,Indeed,p_0005f4a800593148,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0005f4a800593148&fccid=f5d526c81b4033de&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
77,public administration,Indeed,p_f8f6775d14f5ce83,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
78,public administration,Indeed,p_a93e2f338503e822,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a93e2f338503e822&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
79,public administration,Indeed,p_cca9baae5eac6810,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cca9baae5eac6810&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
80,public administration,Indeed,p_f678985edd3c560e,Deputy Director Finance and Administration Europese School Bergen,Europese School Bergen, Bergen,"European School Bergen
Required from 1st September 2021, or as soon as possible afterwards:
Ref.no 2021.03 - Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA)
The European School Bergen is a 4-19 school in the town of Bergen Noord-Holland, and it is one of the 13 Type 1 European Schools in Europe which offer a multi-lingual and multi-cultural European education leading to the final European Baccalaureate certificate. Administered by the European Union, the European Schools have their own curriculum which is the same in all the language sections. There are at present around 600 pupils in 3 language sections in the school (Dutch, English and French), with over 100 members of staff (teaching and administrative). The school was built to meet the needs of the children of the employees of the Joint Research Centre in Petten, and more recently the European Medicines Agency. There are also other children from the international and Dutch communities.
The school is looking for a full-time Deputy Director for Finance and Administration (DDFA) from 1st September 2021, or soon as possible afterwards. Reporting to the Director, this person will join the management team of the school which consists of a Director, a Deputy Director for the Secondary and a Deputy Director for the Nursery and Primary cycles.
The DDFA is responsible for the full financial administration in the school, and needs to have a flexible and hands-on approach to the work with a small team of administrative personnel. We expect you to do a lot of the tasks yourself. In addition to the financial responsibilities, the DDFA is involved in the management of the maintenance of the building. He/she is also responsible for the administrative and technical staff, which includes recruitment and evaluation. This work requires efficient and sensitive liaison with various stakeholders. The DDFA participates in a range of meetings related to financial management in the school (management meetings, the Administrative Boards, stakeholders and third parties).
There are meetings and responsibilities at a European Schools level which require attendance in Brussels, and frequent contact with those responsible for financial and legal matters in the Office of the Secretary-General in Brussels. A good knowledge of Dutch labour law combined with people management skills are essential, especially since many of the staff come from abroad and are not familiar with Dutch regulations. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate well in both Dutch and English, are a necessary prerequisite for the post. Other languages, and in particular French, would be useful.
In addition, a decision has been made for the school to relocate in the next 5 years, and there will be work connected with the closing down of the current building, and the establishment of the new school. The DDFA will play a central role in this, and this work will require creativity, diplomacy and flexibility, and the willingness to work closely with all school and external stakeholders to ensure that the new school project can provide the best possible conditions for teaching and learning, and to meet the needs of staff.
The scope of the work is broad, and we are looking for someone not only with an interest in education in a stimulating international environment but also with the experience, qualifications and ability to make a significant contribution to the leadership and management of the school at a time of change and expansion.
The financial aspects of the work concern in particular the salary administration, contracts with staff, school invoices, inventory, the production of the budget, financial reporting, financial statements and (European) calls to tender. Someone who can be “hands-on”, whilst at the same time able to demonstrate good strategic management skills and vision, would be our preferred candidate.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021. Interviews will take place in Brussels or online (depending on travel restrictions) and are foreseen for May/June. In addition to the school director, the Selection Committee will consist of people involved in the financial management of the system.
The information below provides general requirements for appointments of the DDFA across all the European Schools:
FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES
The Deputy Director for Finance and Administration is assisted by the administrative and accounting staff in the performance of his/her duties.
His/her main responsibilities consist of:
organising of and giving direction to the administrative and technical departments (More than 20 staff members),
supporting the pedagogical managerial staff in all administrative questions,
assisting the Authorising Officer,
establishing the salaries, allowances and benefits to which the seconded staff (30 staff members) and locally recruited staff (65 staff members) are entitled,
establishing the amount of school fees payable depending on the three categories available. Such fees are payable by around 400 pupils,
coordinating:
the preparation of the draft budget,
the internal control and risk management,
the preparation of the contracts of employment,
the establishment of the salaries of the locally recruited teachers and of the administrative and ancillary staff (about 80 staff members),
the preparation of invitations to tender, award of contracts with suppliers,
the preparation of documents for the Administrative Board,
participating in the meetings of the Administrative Board and the Budgetary Committee concerning the school’s budget,
maintaining contacts with the local public authorities (administration, police, etc.),
close cooperation with the Parents Association (see the Convention with the PA) on a regular basis,
ensuring the maintenance of the buildings, safety, security, health, hygiene and cleanliness of the site.
QUALIFICATIONS
Either: a Master / Master of Science (Bac +5) in business management (law, economics or finance, or any other related field).
Or: a higher education diploma of the same type and a duration of at least 3 years (Bac +3), provided there is evidence of continuous experience of at least 5 years in a comparable position.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum five years’ experience in minimum one of the following areas:
Business Administration
Law
HR management
Finance (essential)
Minimum three years’ experience in managing a team.
Work experience in an international environment is an asset.
Work experience in public administration is an asset.
LANGUAGES
Complete proficiency of Dutch.
Good knowledge of English.
Knowledge of French would be useful.
Knowledge of any other EU language is an asset.
KNOWLEDGE
Basic knowledge of the labour law of the hosting Member State (i.e Netherlands).
Basic knowledge of the Regulations for Seconded Staff Members, the Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Teachers and the Service Regulations for the Administrative and Ancillary Staff of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of the data protection regulations.
Basic knowledge of the national safety and security rules.
Basic knowledge of the accounting principles.
Basic knowledge of the Financial Regulations of the European Schools is an asset.
Basic knowledge of public procurement rules.
The knowledge of SAP-Finance and the IPSAS accounting standards is an asset.
Experience in the planning and construction of school buildings and their maintenance are an asset.
Office suite programs: Excel, Word, Outlook.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
Although this is offered as a locally recruited post, the conditions of service can be found in the document “Service Regulations for Locally Recruited Managerial Staff of the European Schools” available at www.eursc.eu. and by using this link: https://www.eursc.eu/BasicTexts/2020-04-D-23-en-1.pdf
Following the satisfactory completion of an initial probationary period of one year, the appointment may be confirmed on either a fixed-term or a permanent basis.
An offer of employment is subject to verification of your qualifications, the production of a recent Certificate of Conduct (disclosure certificate/ VOG), a medical certificate of fitness and consultation with the professional referees.
APPLICATION PROCEDURE
Your letter of application, a CV and full details of two professional referees (including email addresses) must be submitted only electronically to BER-info@eursc.eu and addressed to the Director, Dr Steve Lewis.
The attached documents should be named as follows:
1-SURNAME Name-motivation letter (example: 1-DUPONT Jeanne-motivation letter).
2-SURNAME Name-CV (example: 2-DUPONT Jeanne-CV).
3-SURNAME Name-scan diploma (example: 3-DUPONT Jeanne-scan diploma)
The job title and your name should be the subject of the email.
Applications must be done in English.
For information about the about the school and the European School system, visit www.esbergen.eu and www.eursc.eu
Data protection:
Details concerning the processing of your personal data are available in the privacy statement for recruitment.
The deadline for applications is at 09:00 on Monday 26th April 2021.
Interviews will take place as soon as possible afterwards in Brussels or online, depending on travel restrictions.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5bc5e08fe11636a7&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003XUPf1dGdINCnen0EumTHVWFYf6Z_KD8_ECH06f4Ig9aarx7z7ce6zNOKOFup8OSR5tFfv9wNHnk4hwnShzytguS4awiPPdI68kmb5lDubMoR4oR5g8QnrrtTcpKS_rIR1r1UNkGWlfTU0_kUjTma9-khvp0G_WSyfpCmHw5grB_A&spon=1&adid=319801806&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWMTdBm4NA_OMtY7c_urAXs3DNEF0o_tzB4Y3BphvNoR0K3yab1wmJ-d5DKavtEl5aK-aCBHAjlIcYodCu4prFNNkEiGS_aH-gQyJGmdfubZj0-c-fCdyoP0so1Pgqw-jMfUxGRk0QmpSRdkkRbUkDZZVrJkkbMiYVIxPB2-VxcTo8DhpN6d7m7OVxy54x0joZkq92GHRvb_YS36xL9-KvjFFXgizVRaNHUUEjoy_47uVqlJD9jbPZdpCOJl7zxURXT_x5WHBNiNsvUoiHBt7nH7vN8CFKLxfz-LtSSTWqOW40aottbb8bNChUY1be3VksFajbEQ67aEJAWRg_G5hrpAATnJsih2kbJ7Q3EwGRxgFqjBfTQlIqTmUybrvds2DAXi3ecIeGOA0F_6Cddz83SApXFrSp3451WKx7LSZ46bwFoobBlSWuiL4JdF4IFoK9oBhz929d5I8z4ZQpn6kOJTMqb2WOJYMUerEyJMaEqC-uqgGLgIEtgvzT_fgHA_7iDtiO8PvWqgF5q42bDDoCiMEC1bfEU8BxQdodyRchWPT6-DsjFqGpfVakE39rZtaBmLk_u5Cx9I0FrmHNW9D8DESxvUExygjeNOkea3K6hFw=&astse=5b4db0cdf54d9de4&assa=3668,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f678985edd3c560e&fccid=353eb997fc901045&vjs=3,Vandaag,Vandaag,2021-04-07,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
81,public administration,Indeed,p_f8f6775d14f5ce83,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
82,public administration,Indeed,p_f95f2ef3eb9e2c0e,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f95f2ef3eb9e2c0e&fccid=30cb52ad6dd37131&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
83,public administration,Indeed,p_f5bd96f95f233f18,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f5bd96f95f233f18&fccid=9565725e7c46be8b&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
84,public administration,Indeed,p_ee61ec4e8e97c151,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ee61ec4e8e97c151&fccid=de26065ba08f7249&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
85,public administration,Indeed,p_0fbb58de9ae248ae,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0fbb58de9ae248ae&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
86,public administration,Indeed,p_62fe3f21b124bf5f,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=62fe3f21b124bf5f&fccid=8974a74734e375aa&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
87,public administration,Indeed,p_f70a95834d12b256,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f70a95834d12b256&fccid=2b6243d317042ea1&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
88,public administration,Indeed,p_7dceed7c13efbe66,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7dceed7c13efbe66&fccid=ad809e463a8bb869&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
89,public administration,Indeed,p_a93e2f338503e822,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a93e2f338503e822&fccid=62ee2fabbf8c93c5&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
90,public administration,Indeed,p_74279484df055e74,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=74279484df055e74&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
91,public administration,Indeed,p_cca9baae5eac6810,Associate Corporate Secretary,Bookingcom, Amsterdam,"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch start-up to the third largest e-commerce company in the world. Booking.com is the largest business within Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) and accounts for the vast majority of Booking Holdings’ total revenue. Booking Holdings is a leading Fortune 500 e-commerce conglomerate with a market cap of approximately $80 billion.

With a mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travellers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts and even tree houses. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer more than +28 million total reported listings, and cover +140K destinations in +200 countries worldwide.

Within the Booking.com group, there are over 100 legal entities, registered in over 60 different countries. The head office is incorporated in and operates from the Netherlands. As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will be responsible for ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Booking.com group. Working closely with our external partners, you will manage and maintain the corporate entities under the Booking.com umbrella, ensuring that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements.

As Associate Corporate Secretary, you will work closely with our Finance team, Directors and Supervisory Board, providing guidance on how the organisation should be directed, managed and controlled; effecting changes to directorship appointments registered offices, powers of attorney and similar corporate governance responsibilities. You will also support the Corporate & Commercial team with its operations, including onboarding new team members, ensuring necessary training is undertaken and all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis.

N.B. This role is based in the Netherlands.

As the Associate Corporate Secretary you are responsible for:

Strategic Leadership & Development:

Create Corporate Secretarial Strategy in collaboration with the Senior Director, Corporate & Commercial.
Identify opportunities to improve practices and processes within the Corporate Secretarial function
Instruct external counsel as required and ensure advice is appropriately captured and acted upon
Actively manage the relationship with external vendors and advisors
Ensure that policies are up to date and successfully implemented

Advisory & Training:

Provide corporate governance guidance to company directors about how Booking.com should be directed, managed and controlled
Train directors and senior leadership on corporate governance matters
Keep up to date with regulatory and statutory changes and policies that might impact the organisation
Provide support to the board and other committees on specific projects
Advise and assist the Finance function in relation to the corporate entities to empower them to fulfil their financial filing obligations
Be the Corporate Secretarial expert upon whom the wider Booking.com business can rely for advice and guidance

General Meeting Support:

Convene and support annual general meetings, producing agendas, taking and finalising minutes, conveying decisions and handling meeting correspondence as required

Entity Management:

Ensure that the company complies with legal and regulatory requirements
Manage the incorporation and dissolution of legal entities with appropriate approvals
Manage the Global Entity Management platform for Booking.com, ensuring that all corporate changes are correctly processed and documented

Manage Director Changes:

Advise on responsibilities and liabilities of directors
Liaise with senior stakeholders and external counsel to manage the director appointment and removal process
Ensure the correct documentation is provided, obtained and processed and the appropriate approvals received
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Manage Powers of Attorney:

Advise on requirements surrounding powers of attorney (POAs) and implement changes, appointments and revocations
Prepare POAs in accordance with company policy, granting, revoking and amending as appropriate
Ensure all internal and external registration and record-keeping is successfully completed

Corporate & Commercial Team support:

Support with financial and HR administration in relation to the Corporate & Commercial Team
Support with onboarding process for new team members and ongoing training for all team members
Ensure all appropriate budgeting and finance processes are properly completed on an ongoing basis

Office Management:

Ensure all entities have appropriate registered office addresses
Liaise with Mailroom Services to ensure that mail sent for the Legal & Public Affairs Team’s attention is appropriately handled

The ideal Associate Corporate Secretary will have:

3+ years’ Corporate Secretarial experience - mandatory
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent (ideally in Law, Finance or Business)
A qualification in corporate governance with ICSA (The Institute for Chartered Secretaries & Administrators) or equivalent is a big plus
An excellent knowledge of corporate governance with a flexible and practical approach to work
Strong organisational, time management and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail
Discretion when working with confidential and sensitive matters
A natural way of working with - and influencing- multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
A natural problem-solving mindset: a strategic thinker who is comfortable with ambiguity and able to bring structure to challenging situations
A high standard of knowledge and use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs) and other IT software
Native/fluent English language skills with proven strong communication skills, particularly clear and concise written communication

Further skills we are looking for:

Aligning with Booking.com’s Values (Think Customer First, Succeed Together, Own It, Learn Forever, Do the Right Thing)
Being curious, flexible, and a creative and pragmatic problem solver
Confident yet collaborative
Ability to influence stakeholders across all levels within the organisation
Being proactive, resilient and having the drive to get things done
Having sound judgement and the ability to see the big picture and simultaneously appreciate the details necessary to operationalise the strategy
Having the courage to take positions and make tough judgment calls
Being a team player, self aware and a good listener - a diverse group will always find the best solution!
Ability to move with agility, prioritise workloads and meet deadlines
Forward thinking with an interest in emerging issues in legal and policy

Booking.com ensures equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, family or medical care leave, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, pregnancy and childbirth, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. We work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

Why join the Legal & Public Affairs Team now?

Booking.com’s Legal & Public Affairs team is on a transformational journey at an exciting time for e-commerce and travel, with constant growth and innovation in how we operate). You will have the opportunity to actively shape the Department’s future. The Legal & Public Affairs team is a critical part of realising Booking.com’s strategy of the Connected Trip (a travel experience that includes not just accommodation, but also transportation, attractions, experiences, payments, flights etc).

This is a journey that requires close business and Legal & Public Affairs partnerships to redefine our business model, navigate complex regulatory environments, build new products, and negotiate increasingly elaborate commercial deals, among other important projects our teams work on every day. To tackle this mission, it all starts with a strong team passionate about growing Booking.com in an ethical and sustainable way!

Who we are

To match our global footprint and the array of challenges we face, we are proud to highlight the diversity that exists across this group. We are a team of approximately 70 professionals - representing more than 20 nationalities - with lawyers qualified in many different countries, as well as non-lawyers with public policy, economics, compliance and risk backgrounds. Our team’s previous experience spans across a multitude of industries with team members having worked for major global companies (including Amazon, American Express, Google, Nokia and Yum! Brands), tech and other startups (e.g. AirBnB, Uber and WeWork), government entities (e.g., the Dutch Competition Authority), reputable international law firms (e.g., Hogan Lovells, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Baker Mckenzie), and Public Affairs firms (e.g., FTI Consulting, FIPRA and Brunswick).

In addition to our day-to-day work, we actively seek opportunities for our team members to engage in broader global legal and public affairs communities through speaking engagements, training programs, and association memberships. Some of our lawyers are Board members of Consumer Law associations, Competition Law associations, Privacy associations, etc. We believe in actively engaging with stakeholders to share our insights on policies affecting the travel experience and how travel tech innovations can fuel the digital transformation of the travel industry (e.g. we recently launched Booking.com’s Public Affairs blog, where we publish our position on key policy issues - A World Worth Experiencing).

As a team, we believe in:

Integrating with the Business and Legal having a “seat at the table”: we are decision makers who can have a real impact on Booking.com’s future
Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Travel helps people become more open minded and fuels curiosity
Allowing members of our teams to experience different areas of the business or, if they want to be specialists, giving them the tools that will empower them to become more effective in their jobs
Providing holistic legal and public affairs advice; our team should not work in silos
Always looking for better ways of doing things, innovating and exchanging best practices
Accepting that it's OK to make mistakes provided we learn from them
Having a sense of humour and having fun working together; we are a team that likes to collaborate and share in joys and challenges together!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f8f6775d14f5ce83&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bcf52752277071e5&assa=3500,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cca9baae5eac6810&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-09,en,No,Yes,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
92,public administration,Indeed,p_d0a1acacef6efc2d,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&fccid=c67533a523c83a4c&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
93,public administration,Indeed,p_ee61ec4e8e97c151,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ee61ec4e8e97c151&fccid=de26065ba08f7249&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
94,public administration,Indeed,p_0005f4a800593148,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0005f4a800593148&fccid=f5d526c81b4033de&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
95,public administration,Indeed,p_0f12f9c679b858ff,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0f12f9c679b858ff&fccid=0562f887e2bed9ea&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
96,public administration,Indeed,p_439cc6b01bedec87,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=439cc6b01bedec87&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
97,public administration,Indeed,p_0464a4640cfc5c8b,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&fccid=3147245b928ed332&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
98,public administration,Indeed,p_3eb8e69023efeebf,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3eb8e69023efeebf&fccid=280e9a541be45c33&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
99,public administration,Indeed,p_a9fe57e67344bc06,Senior Consultant -Backup and storage,Infosys Limited, Amsterdam,"Role – Senior Consultant

Technology – Storage and backup
Location – Amsterdam

Compensation – Competitive (including bonus)

Job Description

Today, the corporate landscape is dynamic and the world ahead is full of possibilities! None of the amazing things we do at Infosys would be possible without an equally amazing culture, the environment where ideas can flourish and where you are empowered to move forward as far as your ideas will take you.

At Infosys, we assure that your career will never stand still, we will inspire you to build what’s next and we will navigate further together. Our journey of learnability, values and trusted relationships with our clients continue to be the cornerstones of our organization and these values are upheld only because of our people.

Your role

As a Senior Consultant, you are an expert at contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in; you will define the problem, propose and refine the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability-building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.


Required

L3 level knowledge with hands on experience in the area of Backup and Storage Area Network (SAN) for HDS, EMC and HP systems.
Experience in Patch and hot Fix planning and deployment for storage solutions.
Commvault backup setup and administration and management of backup policies
Apply regular firmware updates to infrastructures to ensure the infrastructures are ready to be upgraded/migrated as and when needed.
Routine housekeeping tasks.
Monitoring of logs and corrective actions to resolve and prevent issues.
Liaison with and take responsibility for vendor when necessary to resolve issues.
Platform Life Cycle Management
Implementation of Build Activities initiated via Small Works/Projects
Services will be provided on regular business hours


Preferred

Experience with 2/3-tier type Datacenter handling racking/Mounting and troubleshooting.
Vendor Management skills.
Knowledge of Green field /Brownfield Datacenter concepts.
Automation tools

Working knowledge with Public Cloud (AWS and Azure )

Personal
Besides the professional qualifications of the candidates we place great importance in addition to various forms personality profile. These include:
High analytical skills
A high degree of initiative and flexibility
High customer orientation
High quality awareness
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About Infosys
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through the many next of their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=d0a1acacef6efc2d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=479c63913affde7b&assa=4298,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a9fe57e67344bc06&fccid=053e1401213c4348&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
100,public administration,Indeed,p_0464a4640cfc5c8b,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&fccid=3147245b928ed332&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
101,public administration,Indeed,p_74279484df055e74,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=74279484df055e74&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
102,public administration,Indeed,p_1d80976d05a65890,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1d80976d05a65890&fccid=74a94f4de2d34368&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
103,public administration,Indeed,p_c75fe9e281203485,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c75fe9e281203485&fccid=4e42ec53f4b93e02&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
104,public administration,Indeed,p_f5bd96f95f233f18,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f5bd96f95f233f18&fccid=9565725e7c46be8b&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
105,public administration,Indeed,p_15a043861e3be4a4,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=15a043861e3be4a4&fccid=58d424f965f93a77&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
106,public administration,Indeed,p_b201348e76358eba,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b201348e76358eba&fccid=79b1953a75a5cc1a&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
107,public administration,Indeed,p_47d1a036dbc6c4cb,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=47d1a036dbc6c4cb&fccid=4495029348c903fd&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
108,public administration,Indeed,p_a9fe57e67344bc06,Finance Lead,Dexter Energy Services, Amsterdam,"Energy is responsible for almost three quarters of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. To reduce these emissions and fight climate change, more and more sectors of the economy are electrifying, and the production of this electricity is shifting towards wind and solar power. As this happens, power grids must maintain their key property of always perfectly balancing electricity supply and demand — an increasingly difficult task as more and more of the supply is influenced by the weather.

Dexter Energy is an Amsterdam-based startup that’s solving this problem using AI-based forecasting and optimization services for energy companies. Our software makes renewables more predictable and profitable, helping push fossil fuels out of the market, and speeding up the energy transition.
Following our recent Series A funding round, we are currently accelerating the growth of our company, and we are looking for an Finance Professional to join our diverse team of curious, ambitious and highly-skilled people.

Job Description

Your responsibility will be to make sure that the company has the correct, up-to-date and right set of financial & business information at hand in order to be in control and make (fast) strategic decisions. At the same time you will be taking initiatives to professionalise systems & processes so that Dexter can scale as quickly as possible. You will be working closely with the co-founders (CCO/CFO & CEO) and will be collaborating with our team assistant who is now responsible for administration & operations support.
Something about you
You are a self-driven & highly motivated problem solver with super attention to detail.
You are constantly looking to improve processes and take responsibility to get things done.
You like to transform data crunching into a meaningful discussion.
What you will be working on?
Oversee accounting processes (bookkeeping, subsidies, annual reporting, tax & payrolling).
Build, own and run management reporting & control systems (maintain internal P&L, cashflow, balance sheet, budget variances, help prepare board meetings).
Build, own and run financial planning (modeling & budgeting) inc. rolling revenue expectations and solid headcount.
Improve financial & operational processes & systems in a scaling company.
Choose & administer new finance & operations software & tools.
Set up scalable CRM & invoicing system.
Set up refined forward-looking KPI process.
Own schemes (salary, pension, declarations).
Set up scalable pricing tool.
Charts galore :-).
Build, own and run business driver analytics.
Revenue analytics (MRR split & growth).
Cost analytics (ABC).
Product profitability.
Advise on pricing & contracts.
Assist in future financing rounds.
Help drive revenue.
Advise on pricing & large contracts.
Provide meaningful analytics to optimise growth.
Minimum qualifications
University degree in Finance, business administration or accounting, alternatively adequate business experience and a professional certification.
Advanced and well rounded Excel/spreadsheet skills.
Fluent in English and Dutch language is mandatory.
Have a strong knowledge of financial accounting standards.
Preferred qualifications
Experience in business operations & finance.
Experience with VC-funded start-ups or environment with rapid growth.
Experience with product software companies.
Affinity with clean tech and/or the energy transition.
Have affinity with legal matters.
What we offer
Work in a clean-tech scale-up that has an impact on the environment.
Build a cool company in a highly motivated and entrepreneurial team.
Low hierarchy and quick decision making.
Open culture where learning quickly is key.
Coffee, lunch & drinks.
Choose your own equipment and be set up for success! We got your back!
Choice First: Do your best work, in the way that works best for you.
Attractive work-life balance culture (no strict working hours, 30 holidays (ex public holidays)).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0464a4640cfc5c8b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d122064872587e37&assa=9894,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a9fe57e67344bc06&fccid=053e1401213c4348&vjs=3,24 dagen geleden,24 dagen geleden,2021-04-17,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
109,public administration,Indeed,pj_771b29ce84aa8f3e,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
110,public administration,Indeed,pj_78849644f75bf634,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cmb4fKr--abzpIWiIV9U4QN2QqF55OuUJFAPz5k8HBDnnmo9AcPrV8RyBxPfrPNsn3A168yEF1jw2Pb0mzbgBKDpAy_lFnkwW-lw7cWnmcwuGmcnf940YO3uffbq46veQVa3ueVQl4TcB3swh0qozKyLNDo3Zko5U5IO0WiU_Tbmz91PXrqDUo2PUxLiG7yaXOX2ZeYk_lSZM1qUoT8PQgmJeJ002vpN3W4IDkZMafpY3TcMFYLaA-m5ooSpnciFEep1JINJPOeB6MLlMbjFPqnN-ZIWCBFxgmw4ItYvoBDCTNGf9EIwZpETz2INOlaj42N0OaC9pUgn15xL-mTsgPUP5C-c9BKodJAk1eHtwK9OAxCrB6Y7WHEaZYJZlInzZckx2rQlNCRXjNQczCiPgaznyJRqz4a8qZ9kMzLsgquYyV9v6JOSbeXnim0mHDw2GDuhumnul5R80w_IEgmOemoi0GkxHhNVre9YccVKtBty189AVh_uiaQrOOuDI1hJazOJm5Y09BKpymO7cgaMqV6uo2E3mQ8sXK9LbNHRbSgk_olAmHJiLemrOnMs2MdSJhYEcmIsj0egRJG5kyfnhMQCq3jbmFafbzVX34bHSQ_egMTe7bCcgzUV4WAVAUEkoZCd9i-ksIhZTJNboNqRrKLJA9MXgFoIEgt5f81owUY5KOmkQUiR7IzY5kK_S9KGgh36zuxp2txO_7jkeWwuZQ8-c58S1zSO2KtCYNI27GMLjjy2I0iunx&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
111,public administration,Indeed,p_a889d0c971d94041,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a889d0c971d94041&fccid=07c3401e02238daf&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
112,public administration,Indeed,pj_8b6504eb84164a01,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DD6rrA2AWItzi0Ph1g_aBOI5NLAUtnlCABAIyVifeaY7uZUurfnyciuvic8Fwr0UAoir97C3dyQ9_TriR4SEgfV7zhzyDLQ7IyCcCnhjmmaj1yC7TqxtQQo3pXBdxj9pQfXl6KfddKQkuiK_IexlJ4QrZUDh4BwDSR3OjkGc4OdoXi4IisIKw26tRaUtcZ4N0JM6cJe_QC0Ol971z1hsxOsRFsQ_oJgqKoNNvRenQK81VBdM_R9xrbGtIqn0Yu2h5wzjV1SX6tEC6f-yVXDlI2QYZxJ_ky4zR7RYDsMCpM0iGIX_PHh_6IkEQ0W5gbh8n3imooD9V6LqeUpcUsDgTdLLQMgqKAmc6WmfSXQmVu--vjQy4L6utaQUvjPZu1qfubQzNkT9ODswkxfCqoag_cVIBg_ffrixamWraUGYjS1mxjWMIWDvsJJB3agrKwn_WMgPN7dpzoTtdwbE792c65vsBUlCrd1OsM8qvLzIwSGPTxbIaFtytzekLwa2mhy96XzqBgduhtU-Eh1LdV93pX&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
113,public administration,Indeed,p_8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8d0bb7b0e33e6ff9&fccid=bc128eeb6f779630&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
114,public administration,Indeed,p_e3ec2fee67fa9f06,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&fccid=f7f27aafffbc37a6&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
115,public administration,Indeed,p_2132099a243e9335,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2132099a243e9335&fccid=10f8c0d67636d5c2&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
116,public administration,Indeed,pj_55ce6b9fc914cef6,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CxCv4ui_JLVzzMrW7tEYjmuIJjomPi8J--aDN5tBQ4Fb3wNnJfweOYYfKMbuko2ZJD1U3uItzw_tMTiKM1gWtf5Ag7hmqxzpc7PtEnz1nCC0gqf0WuAxKdHH0lG1pdBaW9CelVd1tThx70odqYS9Eu39_SkegR8ZwTJgMsf7lSrSnWRG1BxjCNZqZC0Bjp-t8pYgspk7XhswSPa7dBGyGUEkJ-LqvxDSN0NkPOxqnbiLAE_FPI1Kf8rQpLdVipCykBNi0-__BUbxaKgZThO1pokr4mob2ZytlFbDW8-9rNKL-0zxdMpbtdeN8PTfjrP2QZEYLHf-LryPQvPfmN6nKYw7EwRt3BZneexp2lYqrRX4LvU6rUDob4KRBO2Ju9bFiq6HSs_tLGNnIDl7pFAg0PmGVMlaRbspoHV8sQsrowFSrzAcicXGZGs0DvOUOKxBaNicy6tSJzOMD5gKTPvm_qDMpm_1AC6KTeJHWiUX5A1nnLCHA-q1E4L9zFbm91zPNeIw-WliNgPw2eGJdeVJ8BcxAYJReTyO70hvRbslz1Nxy_EjOOadkChYGA45l9fht-_3V2OWV5LxPG7BJt9rvprwdDPAwJCd3d8beaP_ziL9fXi8DPQcVglbbdowTEnkBnc6_Q4p96VHpwfGc_zukQdemNtG1xHUWouWNC4FCSoYCqtx2kFRYUDScnmDVJd-TUHLih2hN1hA==&p=8&fvj=1&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
117,public administration,Indeed,p_91a44b75127e3afd,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=91a44b75127e3afd&fccid=f8d12c4ab90cd8e9&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
118,public administration,Indeed,p_baafc4a0ded1b232,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=baafc4a0ded1b232&fccid=5e964c4afc56b180&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
119,public administration,Indeed,p_a582eb1c7d75f36e,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a582eb1c7d75f36e&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
120,public administration,Indeed,pj_627c1e35c3289c0c,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BQx9zSiyEqaPFd55WgSbrogcybLLMOvaJifgHohN9UOrFhrmu1MhjlwDxEKatwBfndmaiWp71xlv4-yIDJ_F7P3kKMuiH1SrKzuXaBEGcdZXzBVDzP_6cPv30HAj-fjaqXeEZIKTrpcmd8XnrIV_XV4YT8086Q0szdrh_uPrh-ugoij_jSyyMZQoW6siyFYO-15DnnybPsIZx9EeAWzv34_U9OdHhFA8R5MoNDTnhxqkHeE56qELwopLVgdr1sebBsKtB8ibJ08nPcMphrRY7zoigc4sU11eC_FtZuKBrVe8svLhXoc7MG0PDnYuIVAviwetG8ROVEnpYbyukT9SChVWYAOP0xRLJGqE2dQ0ofjAan-eoJvq3VYzNVB2Ezi9hWdq9NQ3yxQm2inbYf5WqW_TJuj8xiQZGIY4cVErs708QliC_9CVT5yCDnOVLWIQwQfmGVmW-CZdqi98yieuXkOBk-DMBusJ8we2oXau1abNUQ9R2dSHq8W3MFUiT2dcaeWP5uHx0FN1G1eQtSkkyIDx07qfn7Xl-ME8zYRQpUN1L_hBG9nqRi_Z7b1VoiJCNj8SuRIN7Bm8TkqqqCQZ72DWbgZZueJDV1T65HK2O5gVUZFmGVEu11pZuO-wYuDNt1pnZXD0iOhOfabd0Cn35k&p=12&fvj=1&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
121,public administration,Indeed,p_d2674c38774b9805,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d2674c38774b9805&fccid=f90702677a49de6f&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
122,public administration,Indeed,p_65580b7a1659648f,HR Operations Specialist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"Do you have a strong affinity with Human Resource, are you computer savvy with a service-minded mindset? And / or do you have at least 6+ months experience within a HR support role? A major fashion brand with its European Headquarters in Amsterdam is looking for a HR Operations Specialist. The job post closes Monday April 26th at 14:00 so do apply promptly.
Over het bedrijf
The European head office of this international fashion & lifestyle brand is based in Amsterdam. The company's style is classic American with a twist. Dynamic, international, and open-minded describes the company's culture at best.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
Negotiable
40 hours
'Till 31/10/2021, possibly longer
Over de functie
The role of HR Operations Specialist is critical in driving forward the development and delivery of smooth and efficient HR operations. As subject matter expert on HR Operational topics, personal data management and HR core systems, Operations Specialist partners with all HR functions in execution of administrative transactions and processes, payroll and associates' records management along the complete employee lifecycle and in accordance with relevant policies and regulations.

Main responsibilites:

Manage, resolve and track Associates' individual requests (cases) via People Services Portal (including but not limited to: public transport subscriptions, travel allowance, resignations, leave of absence registration, employer's statement, visa enquiries etc.). Liaise with TA Partners, People Partners and CoEs if needed to achieve resolution of Associates' requests;

Provide outstanding employee experience through execution of all HR core processes, from contracting/onboarding to off-boarding while ensuring full compliance with regulations and internal and external policies;

Work hand-in-hand with Payroll Team to deliver accurate and timely payroll (record pay changes, audit mutation sheet, process payroll exceptions, overpayments etc.). Fully responsible for reviewing and recording information changes for monthly payroll;

Manage and maintain core data in HR systems (employee, org & position), manage and maintain vital associate documents Document Management System. Act as a gatekeeper for completeness of associate files and data accuracy (immigration, compensation info etc.);

Support internal and external data audits, provide reports on associate data (sox, GDPR, visa, travel subscriptions).

Continuous improvement:
Drive continuous improvement initiatives for effective workforce administration: identify problems, make recommendations and implement change. Engage with wider HR team to deliver various HR Operational projects (for example new policy implementation).Responsible for maintaining updated knowledge articles and internal library of processes and procedures available to relevant stakeholders;

Support the development of HR systems in suggesting, driving and adopting fixes and system enhancements. Identify issues with process configuration or system breaks and coordinate resolution with HRIT;

Share experience and knowledge with the team and support continued development of all HR Ops colleagues.

Requirements:
Deep transactional and technical knowledge in HR Admin (payroll administration, core data, document management);

Very strong knowledge of relevant HR systems (incl. document management tools, HR core systems);

Clear understanding of process interdependencies, HR policies and guidelines. Strong understanding of labor law and how it applies to HR processes/transactions;

Compliance and risk focused mindset;

Outstanding attention to detail, professionalism, strong and proven ability to build good relationships with stakeholders at all seniority level;

Ability to learn quickly, analyze information and exercise good judgment.

Capable of working fully independently, highly self-motivated and self-managing, with excellent time management and organizational skills;

Extraordinary team player with interest and ability to provide support and coach other team members to success.

Contact
Please note that we agreed with our clients to only introduce them to candidates who already live in the greater Amsterdam area. Although we understand that you are willing to relocate or commute, we have agreed with our client not to accept this as an adequate option.

Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information call us at 020-5738383.

We are looking forward to receiving your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&from=vj&sjdu=ALTLm8i2gzeKQ_3wD1BDaF4IkA4LPzIPajwBuQ5AyNcetrP_6A8A9IhaIEPLJy1VJoq94vjOV6lH_7vW_gu9D0PI0Ftqrizt74l2TUbkoe8BArDPR1fE5T8ra5DafvOk&spon=1&adid=366184019&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByPBEGCLvElJDb9sEMQ9O0_yJaV0mWDjNnLFRrnUxQi2ieXEnGCbC32dWs6cDvPMo-92PiKg5vzVGg6Z5mx9rj_ptRFsO5ayqVUYlrfceCmbFNnogfmMLxk7kW36QtXcivEUPSpu8MyzXmPTF_IgzmfsecG1GgvjfvI3X9x6gONBf4Wcwouu08FHSrghiBHyZ9fX5MTYBLu2Teyt1eYeQ7t_3E672e-RWdutAf-9kwxckLhObZJEXiG-gyUs6S_QT6uswgNRb5A5dBbKcpR6rofIngH3L398WsXqy8NoJ4FyO1i7KBkFcPVBnpu2kqNgiXMM9WJaxbjxY0h8l6PeH6WNV5u9hqAOZlemueT7iDPBPR209N6kxis0B-XUPLHlZyEqiK5sK4H7FGNc_qhZ-I9MthH91Xdie9cmkivapHGGhwroaBXKqqNlPoHaCjyxU7fXz6ZYYgx7_41Szjwlx6mdXBTEvoq7XjnIfnyNi95jGKCxkRdJ28&astse=564194c0ea7dc5e0&assa=1314,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=65580b7a1659648f&fccid=00cf9d7cf01ff0dc&vjs=3,Zojuist geplaatst,Zojuist geplaatst,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
123,public administration,Indeed,p_91a44b75127e3afd,Customer Care Specialist,Leica Biosystems, Amsterdam,"This is a key position which provides to LBS Customers and the LBS NEE Sales and Service teams in all forms for the Benelux, Nordics and Eastern Europe. This will include but is not limited to creation and administration of sales and service orders, field service engineer jobs, deployment of initiatives to achieve financial and customer satisfaction objectives (internally and externally), as well as facilitate the processing of Public Tenders. The Customer Care specialist is the principal point of contact for our customers and commercial organisation, with key priority on customer focus and sales related activity.

This role will be office based in Amsterdam

Key responsibilities:
Receive and process customer purchase orders, administrate order changes or adjustments, applications and service requests and cancellations directly from customers and dealers.

Receive purchase orders for service contract and warranty extension directly from customers and dealers.

Achieve and maintain contact with customers in order to give them the best possible service in all types of media interactions.

Use SFDC and SAP to retrieve customer information, stock status information, the status of purchase orders and to make changes on customer purchase orders

Co-ordinate a timely delivery in order to meet the customer’s needs and minimizing the number of open orders at month end. Monitor open orders.

Work closely with the Global Supply Chain in order to get delivery information of scheduled shipments

Check with credit department concerning credit status of customer and defined payment method (pre-payment or on account)

Maintain files of active orders and post activity such as change notices, scheduling changes, partial shipments, and credit changes in order to have all information up to date

Ensure correct and accurate paperwork (original purchase order, copies of invoice, and return goods memo)

Prepare and issue credit notes

Process service orders within defined timeline and invoice accordingly

Purchase parts from BU’s and third parties and co-ordinate return of equipment for repair to BU’s

Co-ordinate closing of jobs in order to issue invoices to our customers

Work with BU’s in order to process warranty invoices

Support the Daily Management processes in the Customer Care department.

Assess, execution, tracking and stewardship of public tender documents

Issuing and controlling of all legal documents of the company to ensure participation in public bids

Registering the company in public of private websites for bids participation

Fosters and exhibits a “Best Team Wins” mentality.

POSITIONS QUALIFICATIONS

Excellent Communication skills
Ability to plan own work and work unsupervised
Fluency in French, Dutch & English
Works with integrity and understands compliance requirements
Attention to detail
Able to use own initiative
Preferably experience of working in a customer service environment
Knowledge of SAP order processing is preferable although not essential, may be another ERP
Familiarity with standard IT Tools (Windows, MS Office, SAP, Lotus Notes)
Quality: proven ability to drive customer satisfaction
Understanding of importance of standardized processes
Ability to structure work and processes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=91a44b75127e3afd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=eab696c360490e5a&assa=3581,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=91a44b75127e3afd&fccid=f8d12c4ab90cd8e9&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
124,public administration,Indeed,p_6cde3715b6919e3d,Customer Care Specialist,Leica Biosystems, Amsterdam,"This is a key position which provides to LBS Customers and the LBS NEE Sales and Service teams in all forms for the Benelux, Nordics and Eastern Europe. This will include but is not limited to creation and administration of sales and service orders, field service engineer jobs, deployment of initiatives to achieve financial and customer satisfaction objectives (internally and externally), as well as facilitate the processing of Public Tenders. The Customer Care specialist is the principal point of contact for our customers and commercial organisation, with key priority on customer focus and sales related activity.

This role will be office based in Amsterdam

Key responsibilities:
Receive and process customer purchase orders, administrate order changes or adjustments, applications and service requests and cancellations directly from customers and dealers.

Receive purchase orders for service contract and warranty extension directly from customers and dealers.

Achieve and maintain contact with customers in order to give them the best possible service in all types of media interactions.

Use SFDC and SAP to retrieve customer information, stock status information, the status of purchase orders and to make changes on customer purchase orders

Co-ordinate a timely delivery in order to meet the customer’s needs and minimizing the number of open orders at month end. Monitor open orders.

Work closely with the Global Supply Chain in order to get delivery information of scheduled shipments

Check with credit department concerning credit status of customer and defined payment method (pre-payment or on account)

Maintain files of active orders and post activity such as change notices, scheduling changes, partial shipments, and credit changes in order to have all information up to date

Ensure correct and accurate paperwork (original purchase order, copies of invoice, and return goods memo)

Prepare and issue credit notes

Process service orders within defined timeline and invoice accordingly

Purchase parts from BU’s and third parties and co-ordinate return of equipment for repair to BU’s

Co-ordinate closing of jobs in order to issue invoices to our customers

Work with BU’s in order to process warranty invoices

Support the Daily Management processes in the Customer Care department.

Assess, execution, tracking and stewardship of public tender documents

Issuing and controlling of all legal documents of the company to ensure participation in public bids

Registering the company in public of private websites for bids participation

Fosters and exhibits a “Best Team Wins” mentality.

POSITIONS QUALIFICATIONS

Excellent Communication skills
Ability to plan own work and work unsupervised
Fluency in French, Dutch & English
Works with integrity and understands compliance requirements
Attention to detail
Able to use own initiative
Preferably experience of working in a customer service environment
Knowledge of SAP order processing is preferable although not essential, may be another ERP
Familiarity with standard IT Tools (Windows, MS Office, SAP, Lotus Notes)
Quality: proven ability to drive customer satisfaction
Understanding of importance of standardized processes
Ability to structure work and processes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=91a44b75127e3afd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=eab696c360490e5a&assa=3581,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6cde3715b6919e3d&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,13 dagen geleden,13 dagen geleden,2021-04-22,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
125,public administration,Indeed,p_e3ec2fee67fa9f06,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&fccid=f7f27aafffbc37a6&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
126,public administration,Indeed,p_91a44b75127e3afd,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=91a44b75127e3afd&fccid=f8d12c4ab90cd8e9&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
127,public administration,Indeed,p_da1dab44eabbb288,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=da1dab44eabbb288&fccid=3c0bf511b4a29309&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
128,public administration,Indeed,p_6cde3715b6919e3d,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6cde3715b6919e3d&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
129,public administration,Indeed,p_16cfc3d75047c83b,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=16cfc3d75047c83b&fccid=f90702677a49de6f&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
130,public administration,Indeed,p_8b6504eb84164a01,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8b6504eb84164a01&fccid=5d0b43425e73297f&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
131,public administration,Indeed,p_bcda9c6463420bb8,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bcda9c6463420bb8&fccid=8475c8ae6e1de264&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
132,public administration,Indeed,p_f787a50abd14551f,HR Operations Manager,Roku, Amsterdam,"Help us get more people excited about cutting the cord
Roku is changing how the world watches TV

Roku is the #1 TV streaming platform in the US, and we've set our sights on powering every television in the world. Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. Our mission is to be the TV streaming platform that connects the entire TV ecosystem. We connect consumers to the content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers unique capabilities to engage consumers.


From your first day at Roku, you'll make a valuable — and valued — contribution. We're a fast-growing public company where no one is a bystander. We offer you the opportunity to delight millions of TV streamers worldwide while gaining meaningful experience across various disciplines.

About the team

The Roku Compensation & Benefits team is comprised of trusted consultants to our HR partners and the business leaders at Roku. We are responsible for the implementation, administration, and evolution of compensation and benefits programs across Roku globally.


We're looking for an HR Operations Manager located in the Netherlands to join our team as we scale and improve programs for our current employees as well develop new programs for our rapid business growth. Our ideal candidate will be a self-starter and have experience managing benefits and HR programs across multiple EMEA countries and will be knowledgeable of statutory requirements and market competitive practices. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Benefits, this is a 'hands on' position that requires strong attention to detail and project management skills to support our global transactions as well as global expansion projects.

About the role

Roku pioneered TV streaming and continues to innovate and lead the industry. The Roku Channel has us well-positioned to help shape the future of streaming. Continued success relies on investing in our our people.


Implementing and administering human resources programs, policies and practices in EMEA. Maintain detailed knowledge of and administration of HR programs; answer employee inquiries pertaining to HR programs, processes, procedures and communications. Responds to employee needs such as document requests, employment form completion, onboarding, HRIS data maintenance, benefits administration, assist with payroll processing or other HR functions as assigned. Serves as escalation point for local HR support as needed. Maintains records related to human resources activities, policy changes or additions.


The ideal candidate will have endless curiosity and can pair a global mindset with locally relevant execution. You should be a gritty problem solver and self-starter who can drive programs with the product and commercial teams within Roku and across external strategic partner organizations. The successful candidate will display a balance of hard and soft skills, including the ability to respond quickly to changing business needs.

What you'll be doing
Manage day-to-day operations of EMEA Company HR and benefits programs and identify efficiency gaps in our HR processes and procedures, and (re)design them in order to achieve a high level of efficiency and productivity. Act as the point of contact for EMEA benefits escalations.
Manage and oversee the improvement and optimization of operational HR procedures, processes and policies, and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives that are being developed and rolled out globally
Build and foster internal relationships with recruiting, payroll and the HR Business Partner team
Own and manage sensitive employee demographic and compensation data
Responsible for creating, reviewing, and facilitating training materials and meetings (with global vendors and additional contributors, as appropriate) for benefits programs
Ensure Workday system updates are complete for any benefits impacting changes; inform key partners in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements
Proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them
Constantly evaluate projects to help advance benefits practices, including documentation
Seek opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale
Participate in HR special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development; including, but not limited to Workday enhancements, global expansion and M&A due diligence and integrations.
We're excited if you have
Bachelor's degree required with a minimum of 5 years of work experience in benefits or HR Operations
Outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills. Fluency in English and Dutch preferred, other languages a plus.
Broad understanding of Global HR operations and a thorough knowledge of applicable HR policies
Experience with EMEA labour law and competitive practices
Knowledge on immigration and relocation
Systems and technical aptitude; advanced skills in MS Excel and Workday
Comfortable working in an environment where operating ""in the gray area"" is the norm
Perform well under pressure, multi-task, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery
You love to help shape dynamic and scalable processes and like to lend a hand yourself
Comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis
High tech industry experience preferred
The Roku culture

Roku is a great place for people who want to work in a fast-paced environment where everyone is focused on the company's success rather than their own. We try to surround ourselves with people who are great at their jobs, who are easy to work with, and who keep their egos in check. We appreciate a sense of humor. We believe a fewer number of very talented folks can do more for less cost than a larger number of less talented teams. We're independent thinkers with big ideas who act boldly, move fast and accomplish extraordinary things through collaboration and trust. In short, at Roku you'll be part of a company that's changing how the world watches TV.


We have a unique culture that we are proud of. We think of ourselves primarily as problem-solvers, which itself is a two-part idea. We come up with the solution, but the solution isn't real until it is built and delivered to the customer. That penchant for action gives us a pragmatic approach to innovation, one that has served us well since 2002.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e3ec2fee67fa9f06&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8278950d88609a7e&assa=7414,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f787a50abd14551f&fccid=e06698c501cbcd14&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-04-23,en,Yes,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
133,public administration,Indeed,p_555c24078d31c1e0,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=555c24078d31c1e0&fccid=2b6243d317042ea1&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
134,public administration,Indeed,p_f5d33399baa1b180,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f5d33399baa1b180&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
135,public administration,Indeed,p_62fe3f21b124bf5f,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=62fe3f21b124bf5f&fccid=8974a74734e375aa&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
136,public administration,Indeed,p_c75a6eb2e193e5fc,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/language-matters-Recruitment-Consultants-B.V./jobs/Scientific-Administrator-At-Ema-c75a6eb2e193e5fc?fccid=156f1233210fbc53&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
137,public administration,Indeed,p_4e0eb99ab3aa27f5,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4e0eb99ab3aa27f5&fccid=c7d0217c879344e5&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
138,public administration,Indeed,p_f95f2ef3eb9e2c0e,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f95f2ef3eb9e2c0e&fccid=30cb52ad6dd37131&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
139,public administration,Indeed,p_af4e166700d21cac,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=af4e166700d21cac&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
140,public administration,Indeed,p_ff174cbae745b7d7,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=ff174cbae745b7d7&fccid=54a6d15dca3c6c9e&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
141,public administration,Indeed,p_9b7d24f2216633b1,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9b7d24f2216633b1&fccid=2991547aff717aed&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
142,public administration,Indeed,p_3eb8e69023efeebf,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3eb8e69023efeebf&fccid=280e9a541be45c33&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
143,public administration,Indeed,p_10648b0e41a54541,HR Manager,PressPage, AmsterdamZuidoost,"At PressPage, we’re all about making the work for Public Relations and Corporate Communications teams effective and efficient. That’s why we have developed a software platform that helps global brands like Emirates, Mercedes-Benz, Achmea, Goodyear, Booking, and many more, better manage their corporate communication workflows and share their (brand) stories with the world. As a fast growing company we are looking for a HR Manager who wants to build the foundation of our HR department.
Culture

We have an open mindset and challenge ourselves to constantly change for the better. We are in the transition from startup to scale-up and together we are putting more structure and processes in place to get to the next level. We're currently at around 25 employees split between Amsterdam and Chicago, and growing.

What will you be doing?
You will be fully responsible for all our HR related activities and will advise and challenge management on HR related matters. You will coach our employees, help them thrive and get the best from themselves, in a dynamic international work environment. You love working in a diverse, fast-paced, constantly-changing, entrepreneurial environment, and aren't afraid to challenge others, take ownership of challenges, and roll up your sleeves to help get things off the ground. You will:

Develop and implement a strong Employee Value Proposition, creating a truly diverse workplace;
Lead and implement strategic HR projects, including talent development, performance management and compensation plans;
Optimizing the onboarding, monitoring and offboarding of employees stationed across Europe;
Develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the needs of our teams and help us retain and grow the best people;
Coach managers and their teams to create an inclusive, diverse and highest performing environment;
Create a highly effective and automated workflow surrounding the HR administration.
You've got at least 5 years' experience working in a people role, at a high-pace company;
You have a strong sense of self, build trust quickly, and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo with managers;
You understand organisational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;
You're hands-on, but know how to collaborate and reprioritize, constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated;
You're excited to try new approaches and do things differently, and aren't afraid to ""build as you go"";
You communicate with influence, in professional business English. Proficiency in German would be advantageous.

What we're offering:

A competitive salary
30 vacations days
Proper Pension Plan
Careers growth plan & Coaching
Annual Training Budget
Stock Appreciation Rights
And of course office lunches / drinks / team outings / etc.

Interested? Now what?

Hit the apply button!
We'll contact you within 5 working days to set up a phone call to discuss your application and the opportunity within PressPage. We have 2 in depth interview rounds with potential colleagues and MT members. If you have any questions, feel free to contact our recruiter Guido on g.dekker@presspage.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Europese-School/jobs/Financieel-Directeur-10648b0e41a54541?fccid=1231c538ada7aa56&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
144,public administration,Indeed,p_bad1e3529d8bc667,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bad1e3529d8bc667&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
145,public administration,Indeed,p_d2674c38774b9805,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d2674c38774b9805&fccid=f90702677a49de6f&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
146,public administration,Indeed,p_15a043861e3be4a4,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=15a043861e3be4a4&fccid=58d424f965f93a77&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
147,public administration,Indeed,p_949fab41fc53ad97,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=949fab41fc53ad97&fccid=b99a552462ed6615&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
148,public administration,Indeed,p_cca9baae5eac6810,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cca9baae5eac6810&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
149,public administration,Indeed,p_e1d715785c0e1d7a,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1d715785c0e1d7a&fccid=8f4ee24ca7337cd7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
150,public administration,Indeed,p_771b29ce84aa8f3e,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=771b29ce84aa8f3e&fccid=dfb53d99a3cb9990&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
151,public administration,Indeed,p_44ff52b0f2490cd1,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=44ff52b0f2490cd1&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
152,public administration,Indeed,p_eb6bc36f48e4e5d4,EU Senior Category Manager - MRO (Role based in Luxembourg),Amazon EU SARL Netherlands B, Amsterdam,"
Bachelor or Master’s degree
Experience in strategic sourcing
Experience leading end-to-end source to pay processes, including spend analysis, bench-marking, clean-sheet costing, negotiations, supplier performance management, scorecards, contracting, requisitions, purchase orders, and savings tracking

EU SENIOR CATEGORY MANAGER

Our European Procurement team is growing and we are hiring a Senior Category Manager with Pan-European responsibilities to join the team in our European Headquarters in lovely Luxembourg.
Have you ever wondered how Amazon is managing its indirect procurement across all our Fulfilment Operations in Europe? Do you want to join a company with an amazing growth to make history and leave your own footprint?

OVERVIEW

As a Senior Category Manager, you will create and own the strategic relationship with suppliers and senior internal stakeholders while building collaboration within and across organizational boundaries. You will develop key sourcing activities, ensuring equipment and service availability to meet business goals while minimizing risk. You will be the trusted advisor in strategic sourcing and procurement initiatives. You will work side-by-side with your stakeholders to deliver the best end customer experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES


Identify, develop and deliver long term sourcing strategies, lead key initiatives with cross-functional teams; drive the decision making process of the category roadmap with senior leadership.
Experienced in developing inventory strategies within a high volume product category.
Drive commercial relationships with suppliers, with a principal objective of achieving optimal cost and performance;
Lead supplier performance management; including improving sustainability & social responsibility;
Coordinate and collaborate with Global/local teams to deploy and manage the implementation of your defined strategies.

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES


Ability to innovate and deliver new approaches that impact the bottom and the top line;
Grow in a fast-pace environment where every day is day one;
Being surrounded by inspiring and diverse employees;
Learn from people with a wide variety of professional backgrounds;
Ability to develop new skills and opportunities through lateral, geographical or functional moves.

BENEFITS

At Amazon, we ask a lot of our employees, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive compensation package, healthcare insurance and supplemental medical insurance, we’ll shower you with perks, including:

International relocation package
Supplementary medical insurance
Life & disability insurance
Supplementary pension plan
Lunch vouchers
Flexible work environment
Luxembourg Education Support: Amazon provides new hires who have relocated to Luxembourg with a benefit that subsidizes the cost of international schools for their children to help them adapt to the local languages
Public transportation or parking subsidy
Free access to museums in Luxembourg
Being involved in an international environment

On top of that, the Luxembourgish government provides the additional following benefits: Social Security, Birth and Kids Allowance, Governmental support to learn languages, Maternity & Paternity Leave …
Wants to know more about life in Luxembourg?

LUXEMBOURG (https://www.visitluxembourg.com/en)

Luxembourg City comprise 140 nationalities whilst having less than 150,000 inhabitants. All cultures are represented and there is a cosmopolitan atmosphere, being reflected in gastronomy to events. You will not feel a foreigner in Luxembourg City, 50% of the people are from another country and the Luxembourgish are very welcoming. The country is very open and inclusive, its legislation reflects this culture. Although Luxembourgish, French and German are the main official languages, English is spoken enough for you to do any day-to-day activities without any difficulties. Administration in the City also using this as one of the main languages. Amazon’s business language in Luxembourg is also English. Even movies are available in the original language.

Luxembourg is a very clean and safe city, it has been ranked as the safest city for expatriates. Outdoor activities are well catered for, for example more than 800 hiking and cycling trails are accessible within 10-60 km from the city. Other main sports include the likes of football, running and swimming, the city has more than five large swimming pools available all year. There are also many more sporting facilities and clubs available so you are sure to find the right fit to keep active. Within 400 kilometers, you can find four of the largest European cities: Amsterdam, Paris, Brussels, and Frankfurt, London is also only a short direct flight away, as are a number of skiing resorts for that winter snow fun – you can always have a different weekend. Weekends in Luxembourg are also great, with a number of quality restaurants and bars, unlike other cities the weekend has a more relaxed feel to wind down with family/ friends, to just investigate the history and culture or take a hike in the forests.

The public transport network is widespread, efficient and sustainable, with a high level of investment. From November 2018, electric bikes are available for rental in the city. The airport is small compared to other capital cities but with good connections, time for checking in and out is really short. Commuting to the office as a Luxembourg City habitant is a life changer compared to other capitals- timing goes from 5 to 20 min by public transport to the different points of the city, walking is also a great option for those feeling fit.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=83c3511595c6157b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=31e9c1b39d6256c3&assa=8602,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=eb6bc36f48e4e5d4&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-23,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
153,public administration,Indeed,p_c75fe9e281203485,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c75fe9e281203485&fccid=4e42ec53f4b93e02&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
154,public administration,Indeed,p_b3c81fccd329a412,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b3c81fccd329a412&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
155,public administration,Indeed,p_b201348e76358eba,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b201348e76358eba&fccid=79b1953a75a5cc1a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
156,public administration,Indeed,p_74279484df055e74,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=74279484df055e74&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
157,public administration,Indeed,p_eb6bc36f48e4e5d4,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=eb6bc36f48e4e5d4&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
158,public administration,Indeed,p_667db3ddd63249a0,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=667db3ddd63249a0&fccid=e5ea1ff710ce39ca&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
159,public administration,Indeed,p_40671f859ca13040,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=40671f859ca13040&fccid=e5ea1ff710ce39ca&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
160,public administration,Indeed,p_bf936275e9456420,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Human-Capital-BV/jobs/Human-Resources-Generalist-bf936275e9456420?fccid=36fd143fba1cc454&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
161,public administration,Indeed,p_d00a32cd81e20e72,Epidemiology Lead,GSK, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Site Name: Belgium-Rixensart, Belgium-Wavre, Netherlands - Amsterdam, Italy - Siena
Posted Date: Mar 19 2021
Are YOU energized by an opportunity to accelerate and deliver a clinical data strategy that drives the opportunity to improve people's lives? If so, the Epidemiology Lead role could be an exciting opportunity to explore.
As an Epidemiology Lead, you will be responsible for Epidemiological studies within a large program or group of related programs (led by a Clinical and Epidemiology Research & Development Project Lead - CEPL) within the context of the GSK Vaccines process in order to ensure the high quality and on-time delivery of all epi data that will allow and support world-wide registration in compliance with the clinical and epi development plan, applicable good practices, and GSK Vaccines standard operating procedures (SOP).
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Contribute significantly to the development of worldwide epidemiological strategy and policies and their implementations and research plan to accomplish that strategy in one (or more) vaccine/disease areas.
Work effectively with the clinical development team and the access team to communicate about disease occurrence, disease understanding, payer evidence, risk management plan, and safety issues based on reviews of available literature and/or new epidemiological studies.
Responsible to manage and implement epidemiological activities according to strategy and plan with the support of the operational teams: involve in strategic plan, discussion, study design, protocol review, data collection, compilation and interpretation and scientific writing for publication, as well as literature reviews and compilation of existing epidemiologic data;
Primary responsibility for development of study design and data collection for epi studies.
Author final report summarizing study results. Write and co-author manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications. Make presentations to the scientific, medical, and public health communities at national and international meetings.
Effectively represent GSK Vaccines to external stakeholders, including regulatory authorities, international bodies, and key scientific opinion leaders.
Plan and coordinate scientific dissemination of epidemiology data, in consultation with internal partners and external stakeholders.
Contribute to cross functional activities as epidemiologist representative: task forces/working groups, development of policies/guidances related to epidemiology activities and also organizational work stream
Provide support to Regional Epidemiologists as needed.
Partner with external groups conducting epi and other community studies globally; initiate and manage external collaborations globally.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MD or PharmD with Master’s Degree (MS or MPH) or equivalent postgraduate qualification in Epidemiology OR PhD Epidemiologist in infectious diseases and/or vaccine-related epidemiology
At least 2 years of advanced training or experience in infectious diseases and/ or vaccine-related epidemiology
Skills and ability to review the statistical and epidemiological literature to identify appropriate methodology to achieve research goals
Ability to translate scientific skills in the field of epidemiology into business driven strategies
Ability to work well within a global & matrix environment, balance priorities, and handle multiple tasks through good planning, project administration, and organization skills;
Effective ability to prioritize tasks and deliver on deadlines, with high performance standards
Leadership capacity: interaction at the GSK development and access teams, advisory board/external expert
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Training in the principles of epidemiologic study design, conduct, and quantitative analytical methods used for epidemiological studies
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively work independently and in a team, and to develop credibility with colleagues within and outside Clinical RDC
Ability to resolve problems through resourceful use of information and contacts
An organizer /planner /analyzer /implementer / problem-solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills
Able to understand and interpret scientific methods and information and communicate the data to both scientific and lay audiences, in written and presentation formats
Strong skills in using statistical tools and database software, as well as proficiency in collating and analyzing epidemiologic data
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Problem-solver; ability to see solutions to complex, unique situations where the epidemiological principles need to be applied
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=c75fe9e281203485&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7148c8dad533d9ed&assa=6122,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d00a32cd81e20e72&fccid=c47eb3241725a018&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
162,public administration,Indeed,p_949fab41fc53ad97,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=949fab41fc53ad97&fccid=b99a552462ed6615&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
163,public administration,Indeed,p_44ff52b0f2490cd1,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=44ff52b0f2490cd1&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
164,public administration,Indeed,p_bad1e3529d8bc667,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bad1e3529d8bc667&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
165,public administration,Indeed,p_9968051b89e26251,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=9968051b89e26251&fccid=4495029348c903fd&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
166,public administration,Indeed,p_443e688d3cd351dd,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=443e688d3cd351dd&fccid=0562f887e2bed9ea&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
167,public administration,Indeed,pj_3259f131e08291a3,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CxCv4ui_JLVzzMrW7tEYjmuIJjomPi8J--aDN5tBQ4Fb3wNnJfweOYno20aq34Xnfm_7G9HFMDV5bvLsGdET3osMs3_reAfi1aDP1dzV7N1fEnHDRH28e5D-mqr5IGCW3MTmO5xcbiyoECZM-_iBwlFJzr3t5wFBGsI0a3HGL7qHBHkuKVHXW6QT9iNWub98EtxU_YeTTy66E7_49whgISq92rLjQ_sdA-Jn4OAZqFxRugcffCM30A0zjRJb_d1wgVdTyo9KjJP7lPQ4yYsjcG_ujT27kQJOhaLvtV-S3bcUSzyBBSeYbRwFCoE2BZeOdvTfBMAUe9lfuzFHDvCnpB2vcIHOfH8lTEadry-FhCKROB-wl02VDQZBdAOccdj-9_JN6xIyT2njpl1316z7H0fpS-v2_Fft9azCZ1_58SMzti4iAX7bTXU0bKLH9sQvA5MjbmBTXs0gIvFOYP-o43zw8zd5Nee_cyIUeoc8TYAGOZWRzMEvIYkuRTZ2nLjjB1BJ-vQlCHxHRDrz4niHbrdcyv4nYNYbaEWU4J_-4Z0kd96lozT6r6LxyrrP9MRvs4c7UzkBkD8ryAdo-1T_nygVT0JlfZDUnKaX0knXzzt3A89pEZqRGsw7NmAnFxuFREgCHczMsrcFMu-EgVZAugODsT_52MueM=&p=6&fvj=1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
168,public administration,Indeed,p_7427a715e1d81d24,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7427a715e1d81d24&fccid=b3b1efd35ecc4c1d&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
169,public administration,Indeed,p_91d5aa4c584fabd8,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=91d5aa4c584fabd8&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
170,public administration,Indeed,p_016d8f359e3791bf,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=016d8f359e3791bf&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
171,public administration,Indeed,p_b7cfd2224566ac37,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b7cfd2224566ac37&fccid=11a60c59e31aa412&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
172,public administration,Indeed,p_efe9f44a66f265e3,Esports Product Manager,Newzoo, Amsterdam,"We are the leading global provider of games and esports analytics. We help some of the world’s largest entertainment, technology, and media companies target their audience, track competitors, spot opportunities, and make strategic and financial decisions. With more than 10 years of experience, we work closely with our clients to provide the data they need to make daily decisions on marketing, sales, and product development.

We are open to remote candidates who are able to work in the CET timezone (in case you are not registered in the Netherlands you should be ok to work for us as a freelancer).
Esports Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following:

Be the end-to-end owner of the Global Esports Market Report, our authoritative subscription-based esports market intelligence product that includes our flagship annual report with market trends and forecasts, and quarterly updates;
Own and deliver qualitative and quantitative content (trends & modelling), including our esports-related data models and databases, overseeing their continual update and improvement.
Drive project schedules from design to launch. Suggest and make appropriate decisions / trade-offs to optimize time-to-market;
Continuously improve the product’s value proposition and drive the overall go-to-market strategy. Be passionately client-focused and work backwards to define the product vision from client needs. Secure feedback from clients on the product to continually maintain and improve product. Help define product price, revenue/sales estimations and what success looks like.
Work with our consulting team and contribute to custom consulting projects relating to esports - including client calls, proposal scoping, project management, etc. Help build out esports consulting materials such as ecosystem diagrams, frameworks, and other content for esports projects based on client industry;
Be a public-facing person for esports, including esports conferences, presentations, etc. and lead esports trend sessions for key clients where appropriate;
Contribute to our overall global esports strategy and drive our thought leadership, partnership growth and expansion, data quality improvements, and product innovation around esports, leveraging your extensive network connections. Clearly communicate goals, roles, responsibilities, and desired outcomes to internal cross-functional teams or remote colleagues who contribute to our esports related activities;
Ensure any appropriate sales/marketing activities are ready to support the product launch (e.g. sales documents, updated client agreements, insights post, etc). Propose activations for marketing purposes and be in the lead for esports-related insights posts and whitepapers;
Understand relevant competitive and partnership landscape, and help drive any necessary data partnerships required for product requirements;
Build up esports knowledge of the team and grow and develop junior members' esports knowledge;


Your Profile

5-7 years of overall experience, which may be a combination of experience in esports, operations, management consulting, finance, data/market analysis or insights, product management, or project management
At least 1 year of experience in the esports industry, ideally in finance, analytics, or business operations
Long-time passion for esports and first-hand industry knowledge (an absolute must-have);
Proven experience building financial models in excel from scratch
Bonus points for strong industry network in esports or in brands, sports, or media;
Ability to easily connect with people, excellent at building relationships, and drive to inspire and guide people within and outside our organization;
Energetic, dynamic personality with strong work ethic;
Exceptional communication, visualization and presentation skills;
Ability to build custom market sizing models and interpret data into market- or client-specific correlations, predictions and recommendations;
Expert-level Excel skills and strong PowerPoint design ability;
Bonus points if you're a peripherals lover as well, and can help contribute to gaming peripheral thought leadership;
Flawless business English both written and spoken;
Master's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Finance, Economics, Business or Business Administration, Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Marketing
We love quirks! Let’s work your unique interests or talents into your job.


Interested?

Send your cv and motivation letter!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=efe9f44a66f265e3&fccid=b5fbdde39f9f5202&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-04-24,en,No,No,government and care,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,O,0.6815450643776824,0.3184549356223176,0.4882403433476395,0.5117596566523606,Female,Mixed Age
