,Search Keyword,Platform,Job ID,Job Title,Company Name,Location,Job Description,Rating,Employment Type,Company URL,Job URL,Job Age,Job Age Number,Collection Date,Language,English Requirement,Dutch Requirement,Sector,Gender_Female,Gender_Mixed,Gender_Male,Age_Older,Age_Mixed,Age_Younger,Gender_Num,Age_Num,Sector Code,% Female,% Male,% Older,% Younger,Gender,Age
0,social worker,Indeed,pj_05fd4434156607e8,Performance Marketing Specialist (SEM) - Amsterdam,Packhelp, Nederland,"At Packhelp, we are rethinking what creating custom-branded packaging should be. We are now serving more than 30,000 customers from 30 countries. We make the process of designing and ordering packaging as smooth and seamless as possible. With a minimum order quantity of just 30 pieces, we have enabled thousands of companies to order their custom packaging without the hassle or ruining their budgets.Join a company, which was listed as #1 in Deloitte's Fast 50 Central Europe 2020 ranking, as the fastest growing technology company in the region, was listed among the most prominent start-ups in Europe by Business Insider, and has raised more than 10 Milion € from leading VC funds such as White Star Capital (Canada), ProFounders (UK) and SpeedInvest (Austria).Our mission is to become the best place to order packaging online. With hundreds of new ideas, lots of experience, a range of new products and a growing customer base, we are now in full scale-mode! It’s a great time to join our team and kick-start your career as part of a startup.We are looking for a talented Performance Marketing Specialist with skills in Search engine marketing to join our marketing super team. Take a look and if this sounds like you, click ‘Apply’!Requirements2+ years hands-on experience, directly running and supervising large performance marketing campaignsDemonstrated ability to run, optimise & grow Google Ads campaigns on large scalesProven and successful track record of B2B advertisingVast knowledge of Google marketing products, customer acquisition techniques and up-to-date knowledge about market trendsAnalytically-minded and result-oriented personalityExceptional analytical skills, high level of Google Analytics knowledge and the ability to use it to drive insights and optimize campaigns performanceFluent in English and DutchBonus points: Practical Excel SkillsKnowledge of Different top funnel acquisition sourcesknowledge of Segment, Amplitude and Power BITechnical Seo knowledgeResponsibilitiesOverseeing & delivering all top funnel marketing activities – with data-driven approach, and goal-oriented attitude, campaigns to drive sales and leads in over 25 European countriesOptimizing & growing paid social activity – continually learning & experimenting with creatives, bids & audiencesSupervising KPI delivery, having freedom to make your own decisions, and taking responsibility for ROI of the particular marketing budgetDeveloping & launching new campaigns across different social channelsAnalyzing and preparing KPI reportsWe offerAtmosphere of a start-up with remote-first cultureWork with a team of experienced, data-driven professionalsDiversity of projects & initiativesMacBook and other necessary hardwareCareer boost budged, private medical care and sports card (or equivalent)Why us?Our ambition is to create a pioneering product on a world-class levelOur team is built from people who love what they do and believe in the value of what they createWe solve problems instead of forwarding themWe truly believe that a friendly approach in the workspace gives the best results. Our team consists of friends, not co-workersStart-up + technology = awesome job & experienceWe are addicted to celebrations, team integrations, trips and general fun-having activitiesJob Types: Full-time, PermanentWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=05fd4434156607e8&from=vj&sjdu=Bv_T-MrJFm9QvTgrswDST3Q3J4ORYUW20sbsa5025Qrfa7wlEJwUUnvyrV_ctvhFWiUCzmMEYNuxDowtJsVvNeXiWW33MI0lplzEMo1LLqd530EF0EIz6BhDXSheUwqYxrOIBcSsd38vLIrvNpxR7w&spon=1&adid=363101219&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BhFFh4hh10kWgK8GsEhaN2_zMd3uGEk_OCD40UGUp9MOd5i153m6k0KkL9wG5rZX3PRvytFLo2QNPXYCRfe71VcyvBsV4xD4S1RBe06xW1N_L-Toipxii91pwIGm4Nmb3-4ADsuC1qAiNoVyRExyk0kFqeg80vYKO9YoD0oMSZiHBqn5nMXfZ8pPMfmNnXOp3KNddg5DZ-eeCdHEeQA5pMgKKwZorNeWSPih9DVIin9qOT6rQK1PJi_Yb4xVSnd9yKP9farHWelJCA-qe1awKCi_h7dpNTBND6SR_n8LYaP-eZyf-LbaIv3D-NF90KzD4SOilyATYzwLErBTG8xjs7hrgxMZyxMS6leC8d6CvjBtu5JBX3g3ZmD-Ybtio2oegIZg7qmqNi6xGTGRmuPxBQ4cUAF_rVW7vjl8esTAtXfDD31SP_YcvByOeSqCf0y2fw3pdVzDmvgDZYipg3nQk8bNw965vhP4fOmGAIMQqUP2kLquxKrtPz-64z8KvsecL664he-U4G2Io3RrTj--pdd6Bt5NyEYIE=&astse=491a3ab6d55a5ece&assa=3600,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BhFFh4hh10kWgK8GsEhaN2_zMd3uGEk_OCD40UGUp9MOd5i153m6k0KkL9wG5rZX3PRvytFLo2QNPXYCRfe71VcyvBsV4xD4S1RBe06xW1N_L-Toipxii91pwIGm4Nmb3-4ADsuC1qAiNoVyRExyk0kFqeg80vYKO9YoD0oMSZiHBqn5nMXfZ8pPMfmNnXOp3KNddg5DZ-eeCdHEeQA5pMgKKwZorNeWSPih9DVIin9qOT6rQK1PJi_Yb4xVSnd9yKP9farHWelJCA-qe1awKCi_h7dpNTBND6SR_n8LYaP-eZyf-LbaIv3D-NF90KzD4SOilyATYzwLErBTG8xjs7hrgxMZyxMS6leC8d6CvjBtu5JBX3g3ZmD-Ybtio2oegIZg7qmqNi6xGTGRmuPxBQ4cUAF_rVW7vjl8esTAtXfDD31SP_YcvByOeSqCf0y2fw3pdVzDmvgDZYipg3nQk8bNw965vhP4fOmGAIMQqUP2kLquxKrtPz-64z8KvsecL664he-U4G2Io3RrTj--pdd6Bt5NyEYIE=&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-03,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
1,social worker,Indeed,pj_eaadd18b775b950f,Programme Coordinator,Power Up Consortium, Amsterdam,"Power Up! Women Advocate for Bodies, Voices and Resources ConsortiumJob Title: Programme CoordinatorLocation: Based in the NetherlandsSalary: Competitive; based on experienceStatus: Full timeReports to: PowerUp! Steering Committee, with direct supervision by JASS’ Director of Evaluation and Funding PartnershipsDeadline: Mar 12, 2021The Power Up! Consortium, an alliance of women’s rights organisations including JASS (Just Associates), Coalition of African Lesbians (CAL), Yayasan Pemberdayaan Perempuan Kepala Keluarga (PEKKA), and Gender at Work (G@W), is seeking a Programme Coordinator to support our partnership. Power Up! works in strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands (MFA).Collaborating in a 5-year programme (2021-2025), the Consortium will engage with women human rights defenders (WHRD) and their organisations and networks to build, organise, mobilise and transform power around three strategic agendas – bodies, voices and resources. Our aims are the prevention and elimination of sexual and gender-based violence against women and girls; strengthening women’s leadership and women’s participation in (political) decision-making; and strengthening women’s strategies for economic resilience and stability, including access to and control of resources and land. Within this, the partnership focuses on ampliyfing the voices, agency and leadership of constituencies that have been marginalised in their communities and social movements (LBQ3 women, HIV+ women, sex workers, women workers and rural and indigenous women). Their capacity to sustain pressure and influence policies, resources, institutions, and social norms is essential to the advancement of gender equality and women’s rights at all levels and to ensure women’s greater safety in the face of increased backlash and violence.The consortium’s work is spread across 6 geographic regions (17 countries) and prioritizes Eastern Africa, Southern Africa and South and Southeast Asia. The joint initiative is led by a Steering Committee (SC), consisting of Executive Directors, or their equivalent roles, of the partner organisations.JOB RESPONSIBILITIESFacilitate effective coordination among partners, ensuring that planning processes harness the unique and complementary strengths that each partner brings to the collaboration; help build strategic connections and relationships of trust between partners;Facilitate communication and information sharing among partners, including around expectations, deliverables, deadlines, operational limits and challenges, political and other pressures and priorities;Build relationships with relevant members of the MFA and stay abreast of Dutch priorities and key spaces to be able to advise partners on opportunities for advocacy, engagement and visibility of Power Up!; and support the lead in managing the relationship;Support effective co-implementation and assessment of the Consortium’s programme and operations; ensure compliance with obligations including PMEL;Provide the Steering Committee with timely and accurate information; support collaborative decision-making and document the process for internal reference; closely monitor and support the SC’s work to: ensure cohesion and make decisions regarding overall strategic direction, plans, budget, and opportunities; ensure the Consortium is on track to deliver envisioned programme impact; problem solve when challenges or conflicts arise; adjust programme goals, processes, and products in line with changing circumstances and dynamics; steer the programme where necessary;Lead on politically positioning Power Up! in our different spheres of influence to advance the consortium’s advocacy agendaMAIN ACTIVITIESManage the full Power Up! programme plan and budget;Support the implementation of Power Up!’s joint advocacy agenda and develop coordinated advocacy plans;Coordinate monthly Steering Committee meetings that guide strategy, ensure the programme and strategy are on track, and raise and address financial, contextual, or organizational issues;Coordinate regular information flows, communication and meetings amongst partners, and communication between the Consortium and third parties, such as the MFA; engage consultants as needed;Coordinate partners around joint meetings and activities, including an annual consortium-wide meeting (virtual or in person) to reflect on progress and draw lessons and insights from activities;Coordinate the strategic and annual planning processes of the Consortium, including internal evaluations;Coordinate the Consortium’s embassy engagement strategy, supporting strategic and aligned engagement across countries that maximizes influence and impact and reduces duplication of work; engage with the MFA and Embassies as a representative of the Consortium as necessary;Represent the Consortium in events, conferences and relevant fora, when required;Promote and practice a culture of openness, transparency and mutual accountability among partners; cultivate opportunities for fun engagement, as a valuable ingredient to the health of the ConsortiumKNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIESCommitment to women’s rights, feminism and social justice;Minimum 3-5 years demonstrated experience coordinating programmes involving multiple partners across different regions in the global south;Strong working knowledge of international development, women’s human rights, social justice and feminist movement building demonstrated through a minimum of five years of relevant work experience; experience in/knowledge of at least one of Power Up’s regions strongly preferred;Experience in lobbying and engaging the Dutch MFA, and other international bodies preferred;Proven managerial experience with professionals from diverse backgrounds;Strong project management and analytical skills; ability to manage competing priorities and organise complex work streams;Proven process facilitation skills, including aptitude for building trust and addressing tensions in a way that strengthens partnerships;Ability to take initiative, contribute to quick decision making, and problem solve;Strong ability to work both independently and as a member of a project team;Superior verbal and written communications, negotiation and interpersonal skills;Interest and ability to travel occasionally;Fluency in English and Dutch proficiency required.HOW TO APPLYInterested candidates must submit application materials via email directly to JASS.Send the following materials (in English) to demetri@ justassociates.org with the subject ‘Power Up Application – YOUR NAME’:Full CV (detailing the nature, scope and scale of responsibilities held)A letter of intent highlighting relevant skills and experience for this position (please note where you learned about the vacancy)Names and contact details of 2 professional referencesThe deadline for applications is March 12, 2021. Due to the volume of applicants, only candidates who advance to interviews will be contacted. The successful candidate is expected to assume the role as soon as possible. Power Up! is not able to support visa or relocation costs.JASS is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating an equitable, inclusive, feminist working environment for all employees. We value and are enriched by diversity and our leadership, staff, culture and structures reflect this. We strongly encourage qualified candidates of all races, ethnicities, colors, religions, gender identities, gender expressions, sexual orientations and abilities to apply.Contract length: 12 monthsApplication Deadline: 3/12/2021Expected Start Date: 4/1/2021Job Types: Full-time, ContractWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Virtual meetings",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CIH3AEHGqkesAOwLk1Koef-SYgJNfnQySyNND7yMtDrIFKxJ1GHY-52CEukhxC0cTMr73ydWgSOXmoaszSQvpAkUIawy4acQJrKWuqa1qeiM01W5fTyCmUk5sNP4A2CXL7fCjKGQ9sNDeCgpTVLjOLP9ClHt_rPf2Um_hYS7uROVdxlXypSeSoHVi2YsHJp7FTw_oEmuHsPiq06UQy04NqDNiwK_WVx_AQ-Jkrxk7NHA5p4WLygejT0YFLOGFqow5sHFsiBxQ2Ds2n_E6dkkeWDsjgGsGZ8njnoOIXsaWWK1rSDLFomXdpiymlj8RWi70CirAR5Phmfnr_Q9suYec-EK3J8uVxs25XwyBt3yuzRt9Y3YjSlITVjyjCklWPMy1OKf1OrGyaZLPUYk12fG8woBptHONXRfEt-cjwJoIST2FPSVzjwo0IChw5GNs47MleLrrD1dkNhg==&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
2,social worker,Indeed,p_41717f8eecf8d0cb,Digital Specialist - Fixed Term Contract 1 year,"Marriott International, Inc", Amsterdam,"Posting Date Mar 01, 2021
Job Number 21016509
Job Category Sales & Marketing
Location Amsterdam Marriott Hotel, Stadhouderskade 12, Amsterdam, Noord-Holland, Netherlands VIEW ON MAP
Brand Marriott International, Inc.
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management
Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.
Marriott Hotels, Marriott International’s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel.

JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you’re happy, our guests will be happy. It’s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you’ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That’s The JW Treatment™.

JOB SUMMARY
This position is responsible for the execution of defined services that supports the area and hotels digital business needs. The Specialist role is comprehensive and will ensure completion of defined tasks as requested by the Managers who oversee a portfolio of hotels.
The role requires a focus on ensuring hotels are aligned to global compliancy, strategies and ensuring the activation across digital channels (Marriott.com, Mulit lingual global sites, echannels(OTA’s), Segemental (F&B, Spa, etc.) and other marketing channels to maximize online presence and attribute to the hotels performance.
The Specialist will support with the pull through of activities and activations as defined by the Area wide Campign calendar (destination marketing, Demand generation, Group campaigns etc.) as set out by the Area Director of Marketing, Digital and Loyalty.
CANDIDATE PROFILE
Education and Experience
3+ years’ experience in an online agency or client services position is required or equivalent experience
2+ years’ experience in leading project teams and implementing digital strategies or equivalent experience
BS/BA degree in marketing or related field or equivalent certification from higher education.
Strong workflow management skills and experience in Content Management systems.
Strong understanding level of online marketing and merchandizing.
Organized, detail-oriented and deadline-sensitive; takes initiative and anticipates needs
CORE WORK ACTIVITIES
Managing Work, Projects, and Policies
Delivers against all aspects of the Digital Marketing program and associated services for hotels and the area. This includes:
Implementing and managing the Hotel Web Sites on Marriott.com and its global sites
Maintain and update all Marriott.com Hotel Web Site content including marketing messaging, imagery, captions, links, PDFs, hotel alerts, etc.
Conduct regular audits of Marriott.com Hotel Web Sites to ensure each hotel is optimized for high quality custom images, content, links, and accurate translations, and work with hotels on corrective action
Support and guide hotels in developing hotel website modules and outlet sites for F&B Spa, Golf, weddings, where applicable.
Manage the pull-through and activation of key corporate digital projects (e.g., new Marriott.com Hotel Web Sites, ERS, Corprate“e” services)
Ensure Hotels online positioning is up to date and correct. (Yelp and GMB listings)
Audit, manage 3rd party channel content scores and adjust and update to ensure optimal visibility.
Marketing the Marriott.com Hotel Web Sites
Assure that hotel websites on Marriott.com and global sites are fully optimized to maximize traffic from search engines. Work with Marriott Digital Services (MDS) to coordinate Search Engine Optimization (SEO) tactics and manage keyword strategy for hotels opted into Program.
Work with hotel to execute online marketing activities, such as loading Marriott.com Hotel Web Site deals, Group Deals etc.
Work with Senior Manager and Area Director of Marketing, Digital & Loyalty to develop and deploy eMail marketing (METT, MEO’s etc) campaigns for hotels considering hotel specific, Regional and global campaigns. Responsible for Landing Page creation, approval of offer copy and images.
Responsible in launching digital marketing campaigns (Display, paid search, email, Social etc.) by working with Marriott approved agencies/vendors. PLUS etc.
Coordinate execution of online marketing efforts for regional campaigns with performance marketing & F&B teams.
Supporting Operations
Serve and pull through Continent & regional campaigns. This requires the approved solicitation of hotels participation with coordination of Hotel account managers.
Coordinate and Ensure the development of tactical landing pages, testing and optimization of continent and regional campaigns with all specialists.
Implementation and workflow process management of all content optimization requests for the digital field marketing teams.
Manage the timelines and onboarding of new hotel hotels across the continent in terms of contracting and all account set up with support of specialists.
Ensure expert training and support to hotels by working with managers to elevate digital knowledge.
Support with defined project’s as outlined by the Senior Manager to ensure the overall performance of the team, its areas/markets and participating hotels.
Relationships & Processes
Develop knowledge and work with vendors and agencies to improve turnaround and campaign execution.
Manage relationship with key vendors to drive scalability of efforts and implementation consistency (e.g. Digital HQ, Tripadvisor etc.) and platform development oriented at better tracking/conversion
Execute all in-house campaign processes, including but not limited to campaign review, hotel billing, briefing, etc.
Where appropriate, develop, support and implement new processes and track output to improve efficiency for the team.
Additional Responsibilities
Attends and participates in all relevant internal and external meetings.
Informs, updates, and provides information to managers and co-workers in a timely manner.
Presents ideas, expectations and information in a concise, organized manner.
Uses problem solving methodology for decision making and follow up.
Maintains positive working relations with internal teams and department managers.
Manages time effectively and conducts activities in an organized manner.
Performs other reasonable duties as assigned by manager.
MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES
Leadership
Adaptability - Maintains performance level under pressure or when experiencing changes or challenges in the workplace.
Communication - Conveys information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner through a variety of methods.
Problem Solving and Decision Making - Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; obtains and compares information from different sources to draw conclusions, develops and evaluates alternatives and solutions, solves problems, and chooses a course of action.
Professional Demeanor - Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values.
Managing Execution
Building and Contributing to Teams - Participates as a member of a team to move toward the completion of common goals while fostering cohesion and collaboration among team members.
Driving for Results - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required.
Planning and Organizing - Gathers information and resources required to set a plan of action for self and/or others; prioritizes and arranges work requirements to accomplish goals and ensure work is completed.
Building Relationships
Coworker Relationships - Interacts with others in a way that builds openness, trust, and confidence in the pursuit of organizational goals and lasting relationships.
Customer Relationships - Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer/stakeholder needs and actions consistent with the company’s service standards.
Global Mindset - Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential.
Generating Talent and Organizational Capability
Talent Management - Provides support and feedback to help individuals develop and strengthen skills and abilities needed to accomplish work objectives.
Learning and Applying Professional Expertise
Applied Learning - Seeks and makes the most of learning opportunities to improve performance of self and/or others.
Business Acumen - Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generate innovative solutions to approach business and administrative challenges.
Technical Acumen - Understands and utilizes professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct and manage everyday business operations and generate innovative solutions to approach function-specific work challenges.
Basic Competencies - Fundamental competencies required for accomplishing basic work activities.
o Basic Computer Skills - Uses basic computer hardware and software (e.g., personal computers, word processing software, Internet browsers, etc.).
o Mathematical Reasoning - Adds, subtracts, multiplies, or divides quickly, correctly, and in a way that allows one to solve work-related issues.
o Oral Comprehension - Listens to and understands information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
o Reading Comprehension – Understands written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.
o Writing - Communicates effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=41717f8eecf8d0cb&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=79efb0bc78be328a&assa=6787,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=41717f8eecf8d0cb&fccid=d47acb5b5596d9e4&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,financial institutions,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,,K,0.39416058394160586,0.6058394160583942,0.5328467153284672,0.46715328467153283,Mixed Gender,Older
3,social worker,Indeed,p_e36f00f8689ad095,Warehouse worker II,IGT, Amsterdam Westpoort,"Location:
Amsterdam, NH, NL, 1046 AW
Requisition ID: 5074
IGT is the global leader in gaming. We enable players to experience their favorite games across all channels and regulated segments, from Gaming Machines and Lotteries to Interactive and Social Gaming. With operations in more than 100 countries and a team of over 12,000 employees, we deliver world-class gaming and lottery technology.

Responsibilities
Summary: Moves raw materials and parts using heavy and light machinery and handheld equipment. Works with SAP and other basic computer applications to document, maintain and enhance workflows.
Responsibilities: • Performs work in IGT’s warehouses • Handles materials in receiving, picking and put away, bag and tag, shipping, and production support • Executes a moderate volume of routine SAP transactions • Performs problem solving / discrepancy investigation
Scope: • Executes assigned highly routine material handling workflows • Using problem solving techniques • Typically performs highly routine tasks within functional area • Tasks impact a few aspects of a limited number of short-term prep production operations, particularly inventory availability and accuracy and associated material handling costs • Actions infrequently influence the work of other team members• May recognize deviations from highly routine practices and is learning to anticipate appropriate next steps
Specific Accountabilities: • Performs material movement activities using proper material handling techniques • Documents / transacts material movements accurately and on-time • Operates and handles various warehouse equipment that may require internal certification (e.g., forklift) • Locates material in assigned area and transports as appropriate
Strategic Aspects to Role: • Through the completion of assigned tasks, works to achieve the strategic goals of the manufacturing / production / service departments.

Qualifications
• Acquiring basic knowledge of some IGT production or game prep operations workflows and their material / material handling requirements • Acquiring basic knowledge of some IGT products in the department unit of which they are a part • Acquiring basic level proficiency with some relevant ERP tools • Acquiring basic knowledge of / skills in the content areas of: -Warehouse equipment operation -Material / part types and functions and associated handling requirements -SAP documentation transactions associated with material movement -Physical warehouse layouts and material locations -Types and content of production order documentation -Casino Services prep operations • Typically has 3-to 5-years of material handling experience with warehousing / inventory control • High School diploma or equivalent

Keys to Success
Building collaborative relationshipsDecision makingDrive resultsFoster innovationPersonal energySelf-leadership

In addition to a competitive benefits package, we offer generous time-off plans, a 401(k) Savings Plan with Company contributions, tuition reimbursement, on-site fitness center and cafeteria, and free identity theft insurance to name a few.
IGT is committed to sustaining a workforce that reflects the diversity of the global customers and communities we serve, and to creating a fair and inclusive culture that enables all our employees to feel valued, respected and engaged. IGT is an equal opportunity employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, citizenship, covered veteran status, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable local, state, federal laws or other laws. We thank all applicants for applying; however, only those selected to interview will be contacted.
IGT (NYSE: IGT) is the global leader in gaming. For more information, please visit www.igt.com.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e36f00f8689ad095&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d0f5d4adee317002&assa=8235,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e36f00f8689ad095&fccid=686992c6831d8b20&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,agriculture and industry,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,A,0.2215868477483917,0.7784131522516083,0.49320943531093636,0.5060757684060043,Male,Mixed Age
4,social worker,Indeed,pj_36e71e8539d640b2,Lecturer Business Innovation,Hogeschool INHolland, Diemen,"Jouw meerwaarde
The Business Innovation programme has an opening for a lecturer who has experience in coaching international students on their professional innovator skills and personal development. In this position you will facilitate the learning process of students and encourage them to reach their full potential. You will guide them throughout the process of designing sustainable and value driven innovations and setting up purpose driven enterprises. You are fully aware of the new economic trends and developments and understand what it takes to explore the possibilities towards a sustainable future. You are willing to take a coordinating role within the Business Innovation program and you have experience in how to design a future-proof educational programme.


Inhoud functie
The Business Innovation programme is a learning community for changemakers focusing on innovating business and dealing with societal challenges. Business Innovation is about looking into economical transitions that take place in the society and businesses, both now and in the foreseen future. The Business Innovation programme is using design thinking methodologies as a basis to create value driven innovations.

Societal challenges are complex and intertwined with each other. These challenges require a multi -stakeholder approach. Cooperating together is a critical requirement in order to find sustainable and innovative solutions. Therefore, our students need to be taught to have an open minded attitude and good collaboration skills. Being aware of and acknowledging personal differences while using each others strengths will contribute towards finding new solutions. Moreover, they need to be geared to develop design strategies, tactics and research tools to challenge stakeholders and thus change the eco-system. The programme is fully taught in English and hosts more than 40 nationalities. We work continuously to strengthen our inclusive community, and strive towards a team composition that reflects society in a representative manner, and is as divers as our student population. We particularly invite applicants who regard themselves as under-represented in higher education.


Jouw rol
What are your roles as our new colleague?
You will act as a learning coach in our learning community
You will be teaching several masterclasses and organizing (interactive) workshops (online and offline)
You will provide coaching to students on a personal basis
Coaching students on personal level in the personal development study units
You will be responsible for several coordinating tasks such as lab coordinator and study unit leader
You have the possibility to be e a member of the exam committee, assessment committee or program committee


Wie ben jij
Job requirements
Master degree in Innovation, Design, Business or equivalent
An Excellent command of English, both oral and in writing
Preferably you have didactic experience and are in possession of a teaching qualification
Passioned about educating young adults in the field of Business Innovation
Excellent coaching and collaboration skills and an entrepreneurial mindset
Knowledge of research skills and practice oriented skills is considered a plus


Wat bieden wij
What we offer

We offer you a challenging working environment in which you will be constantly stimulated to give your very best performance. We are design oriented and constantly innovating organization. Flexibility and agility is therefore essential.
In our team there is plenty of space to innovate, create and be pro-active. We also appreciate a hands on mentality; sometimes stuff just needs to get done!
The initial engagement will be for a period of 12 months. The employment contract may then be renewed subject to performance.
The gross salary has been set at a maximum of €5.026,85 per month in salary scale 11 on the basis of full-time employment. Inholland applies a 36-hour working week.
Your salary level will depend on your relevant professional and other experience and education.
A working week of 32 hours a week.
An 8% holiday allowance paid out in May
An 8.3% year-end bonus payable in December
A generous leave scheme allowing for individual choice. For example: employees with a full-time appointment who have opted to work 40 hours a week will have 428 hours of leave per year. This comes down to a total of 53.5 days off. Our leave scheme includes the compulsory days off and all national and public holidays.
An attractive pension scheme through ABP (Pension Fund for government and education sector workers).
An easily accessible work location at Diemen/Amsterdam. All travel expenses for public transport will be reimbursed in full. If you choose to use your own transport, please be aware that you will be reimbursed to a limited extent.
We will provide you all the facilities you need to further your professional and personal development. We value your willingness to learn. The courage to learn is one of our core values.
You will be covered by a partial disability insurance paid for entirely by Inholland University of Applied Sciences.
We offer our employees a generous paid parental leave scheme and a supplement to the statutory spousal leave schemes in the event of child birth or adoption.
We provide a pleasant and informal working environment, and know our colleagues and students by name.
In addition to these employment benefits, we also offer a selection menu through which you can - for example - buy and sell holidays over and above the statutory minimum, take part in our bicycle scheme or offset your travel expenses and union dues.
The social partners remain committed to improving the quality of education, research, the educational organisation and staff. We adhere to the collective labour agreement for higher professional education (cao hbo). An attractive package of primary and secondary employment conditions.


Jouw werkomgeving
About Inholland University of Applied Sciences

As you will notice when you come to work for Inholland, we are committed to our students and staff. Our organisational culture is personal and intimate, ensuring a learning and working environment where everyone knows each other by name. We offer you the space you need to keep developing yourself both professionally and personally, regardless of your role or level within the organisation. This will help you to be an inspiring example for our students (as they are for us) and remain relevant in an ever-changing world.

At each of our 8 locations across the Randstad conurbation, from the northern part of North Holland to the Drecht cities, we help students develop into confident professionals capable of making society more sustainable, healthy and creative. We offer a safe foundation to prepare them for the jobs of the future. We offer a broad range of higher professional education programmes and research opportunities that optimally reflect developments in the field and cover various areas of interest: from healthcare to economics and from technology to education.

Our lecturers and support service staff set high standards for our students, each other and themselves. In our ever-changing world, it takes courage to be vulnerable and adjust your views to reflect new insights. It also takes guts to keep a critical mindset, try out new things and follow your instincts. Real progress requires a constant process of exploration, trial, error and persistence. Learning = daring.


Sollicitatieproces
The application procedure

Interested, but still not sure?
We understand you may still have some questions about this position. You may be curious about our working environment or want to know what it's really like to be a higher professional education lecturer. Please feel free to put all your questions to Lisette van Alten, Teamleader Business Innovation programme by calling 06-12653443

If you've got the courage to take on this challenge, we look forward to receiving your application letter before the 15th of march. We will respond to your application in the week of 15 march. Interested in becoming our new colleague? We hope to welcome you to our team soon.


Contactgegevens
Lisette van Alten

+31 6 12653443",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=36e71e8539d640b2&from=vj&sjdu=9_32ntKvbhPITdPhY-DRRLTISAdMhVjZucTNXeS003UpOW7RXr2EeeuaPN60XozqEBa5RwyC2_VSp7CIQ8jfI7fmHGK351qc9ydACdPhsSH9Rw48P_aX6MKOyccfiTNnEYJYnnvhOTxbSwJpeWzjalXjHzXU1Xd8TPuxYMTiLKk&spon=1&adid=319802695&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWi-Raz6cTw97UJ6UV4vud56KxelGPzRH2RbqhzKbh8YW_ryc1l6iiLG6z17JbCasfHGHXgAUuxFuBjno0izPNEeJr78xiKXuN4huZ4ohJeehjbBhUd32pMXHlPZpBM0syVfo8qv5K1BzG8egUHdf4YJYeIHDKMNOqIxWX36wsv9ywi6fLBgoz-Cl559lL9MSe_bd-9T53QCVlP_IYONnrGn4-V4yoiJ6qxp_eDokraRY54TDZCnV1nsoz7suGwz_6aUDBrN9bzOL3pBCiecEFwnhZrwMCn5lN5NJsYquURgCkn6NtN9mJ-ORw9ISILDnG422wTnTYxfPDOx6XDMmkKJ-2jg285HetPBJZd2AtQRypUYZmwVVxCZyNXuHUWjTUKSS6SVqF3zu_PlyWyi1j8ph7_qzz9ANGDifR7NwKtjiIhIrocfc_Hmziiilhub3z7GhjjHNYuwI0S-Z0B7VSwuKrz8OTcjW2ic4-1QWB0A5evwD4rxrrk3oApW3iWFw8rYhByfDRhHa6HPJwLYySJpquKlit4pZnTR3kcKlLJg3SgRjg7TsKAA==&astse=a848301e0e9a1f42&assa=58,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BUi5skEC2JacOuA5S-guKlBVqGkEVnSMmX3xEoRIYszl3Fq1VGX9VWi-Raz6cTw97UJ6UV4vud56KxelGPzRH2RbqhzKbh8YW_ryc1l6iiLG6z17JbCasfHGHXgAUuxFuBjno0izPNEeJr78xiKXuN4huZ4ohJeehjbBhUd32pMXHlPZpBM0syVfo8qv5K1BzG8egUHdf4YJYeIHDKMNOqIxWX36wsv9ywi6fLBgoz-Cl559lL9MSe_bd-9T53QCVlP_IYONnrGn4-V4yoiJ6qxp_eDokraRY54TDZCnV1nsoz7suGwz_6aUDBrN9bzOL3pBCiecEFwnhZrwMCn5lN5NJsYquURgCkn6NtN9mJ-ORw9ISILDnG422wTnTYxfPDOx6XDMmkKJ-2jg285HetPBJZd2AtQRypUYZmwVVxCZyNXuHUWjTUKSS6SVqF3zu_PlyWyi1j8ph7_qzz9ANGDifR7NwKtjiIhIrocfc_Hmziiilhub3z7GhjjHNYuwI0S-Z0B7VSwuKrz8OTcjW2ic4-1QWB0A5evwD4rxrrk3oApW3iWFw8rYhByfDRhHa6HPJwLYySJpquKlit4pZnTR3kcKlLJg3SgRjg7TsKAA==&p=5&fvj=0&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
5,social worker,Indeed,p_46ef21fe5099a19e,Social Science Analyst,Coperatieve Circle Economy UA, Amsterdam Oost,"At Circle Economy, we believe it is time for a new economic approach: the circular economy. We are a social enterprise with an international team that develops practical and scalable solutions to accelerate the adoption of the circular economy. We are growing rapidly both in the Netherlands and around the world through strategic partnerships with governments, cities, and businesses. We offer Circle Scans to businesses, cities and nations, drawing on deep expertise, including in the areas of textiles, the built environment, finance, circular design, and on jobs and skills in the circular economy.

We want to accelerate the transition toward a circular economy with actionable insights for nations, cities and businesses. We understand that as the circular economy gains global traction, it can be difficult to know where to begin, how to align sustainability commitments with commercial ones, how to know what social impacts circular strategies might have or how to track circular progress against set goals. We offer a range of Circle Scans grounded in scientific methodologies that translate complex data on energy and material flows into tangible decisions for your country, city or business. This involves developing insights, from identifying the sectors which require circular solutions to analysing how the circular transition may impact labour markets.


Who You Are

We are looking for a sharp and highly motivated data analyst who can be the driving force behind conducting and developing cutting-edge quantitative analysis on an extremely relevant topic. You have the ability to work on both the micro and macro level, adapting your approach to the task at hand. You have experience both utilising and innovating quantitative research methods and a commitment to using analysis to drive action by decision makers.
On the content level, you have a clear understanding of, and affinity with, labour market issues and related research methods, particularly in the context of the circular economy and environmental sustainability more widely. You have a track record of applying research methods to complex social and environmental issues and eager to contribute your experience to driving the uptake of the circular economy by businesses, cities and nations.
You are practical, knowledgeable and skilful, and looking for a challenge to make an impact. You are passionate about environmental sustainability and social justice, and eager to be part of a team conducting cutting-edge research, advisory and advocacy work. You want to get your hands dirty to create practical interventions to ensure a positive transition to the circular economy for work and workers.
Key Responsibilities and Duties

Carrying out and contributing to quantitative research on social dimensions of the circular economy including the labour market implications;
Analysing data in relation to skills and national and international trends;
Keeping up to date with emerging research and methodologies in the field;
Helping to develop and implement new and cutting-edge methodologies;
Occasionally contributing to publications or other written Circle Economy outputs;
Collect and organise stakeholder feedback and learning from projects to inform the continuous development of the methods used by the Circular Jobs Initiative.
Skills and Competencies

Essential

You have 3+ years experience in applied economics, applied econometrics, industrial ecology, or social sciences research;
You are a trained quantitative researcher, and are eager to further develop these skills, while directly applying and valorising the knowledge in practice with programme stakeholders;
You are confident with quantitative analytical tools (such as Python, R, Stata);
Experience in carrying out assessments using input/output databases and/or computable general equilibrium models (e.g. Exiobase, Exiomod, WIOD, GTAP, Eora or similar)
You have expertise handling labour force surveys, administrative and secondary data sources;
You are comfortable building relationships with external partners and stakeholders;
You have excellent written and spoken communication skills in English;
You are knowledgeable and have an active interest in the circular economy, and environmental sustainability more widely, and would love to contribute your skills and knowledge to accelerate the transition towards a sustainable future;
You have a hands-on mentality; the success of this programme lies in its impact.

Desirable:

You have an interest in and understanding of labour economics, industrial ecology and associated/applied research methods;
You have modelling skills, with experience modelling employment effects and developing employment multipliers;
Experience with machine learning approaches;
Experience with collaborative data science styles of working, for example, working with development teams, using git, and agile workflows;
You have experience contributing to academic or non-academic publications.
Our Culture

We are a team of 45+ driven and ambitious professionals, coming from diverse backgrounds and from more than 20 different countries, sharing the belief that the circular economy creates prosperity for all. We work in a lively and dynamic atmosphere in our open office space right in the heart of Amsterdam. At Circle Economy, we have a culture of getting things done while having fun, and apart from friendly and open team dynamics, you can expect a drink in your hand every other Friday by 4pm.
Our Values

As a team we have guiding principles that define our mindsets and are inherent in the way we work each day, especially in the way we treat each other and others. Our values are a compass to guide our culture internally and shape our impact externally, they further our greater mission and don’t impose ideology but enable ideas.

Focus on Impact - Time is short, boundaries set, efforts need to be focused, brave and relentless. We are actively at work to make a positive difference, bringing benefit to others, doing good and doing it well, each one of us in their own function
Resources Consciousness - The potential of our people is unlimited, but resources should be safeguarded. We make the most of others’ time, money, energy and spirit, with efficiency and effectiveness, without abusing these valuable resources
Diversity - We need it, to pursue a world of richness, where potential can be expressed to its fullest, and in complete fairness, by all. We embrace diversity, with openness, fairness, and the enthusiasm of knowing that diversity is where jewels hide
Safety - collaborating where vulnerability, mistakes, and even tough confrontation, are openly accepted and embraced, without compromising safe relationships, safe boundaries and a safe job
Collaboration - Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success: we want to be there for others, in good and bad times, working together, hand in hand, beyond role and bias, to get the work done
Recognition - Sometimes we have to recognise great successes, other times great efforts followed by great failures. Recognition helps us move up the line from good intentions to good results.
Support - Relationships, when created on the basis of respect and trust, allow us to thrive. When we are encouraged and our actions championed by another, this kind of support ensures choices and decisions are made without consequences as a condition. We foster an environment of encouragement and a trusting place to return to in more difficult moments.
What we offer you

For this role, we are offering an initial 1-year contract for 32 to 40 hours per week. We offer an awesome challenge for a passionate person that loves to learn continuously and take up responsibilities in a vibrant and talented team. Salary is competitive, keeping in mind we are a non-profit, startup organisation, based in Amsterdam.
To apply please respond with your CV and a motivation letter. Applications will be closed on Sunday 7 March 2021.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=46ef21fe5099a19e&fccid=7374bef6097c4e07&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
6,social worker,Indeed,p_f1d470380fdfa2cd,Data Scientist – Marketing Analytics,IKEA, Amsterdam,"WHO YOU ARE


We are looking for a Data Scientist to join us in developing new revolutionizing ways for IKEA to interact with our customers. We are using cutting edge methodologies to improve customer experience – from marketing to customer support.

Our diverse team within Data & Analytics is growing even more and we would love to talk with you, if you recognize yourself in some of the following:

enjoy figuring out how to use math, code and data to solve business problemshave a strong background in math, computer science, engineering or equivalent (at least MS or equivalent)have experience in developing data and statistics-driven solutions for real-life business problemslove being creative through code (ideally in Python and beyond basic notebooks or scripts)master techniques for Data Science such as machine learning, deep learning, gradient boosting, Bayesian modelling, natural language processing, time-series analysis or optimization/OR techniqueshave experience working in at least one area of: customer analytics, personalization, recommender systems, marketing, promotional effectiveness, text classification, NLP and demand forecasting (ideally in a retail setting)are a team player who takes ownership, and you like to work closely with otherslisten well and are able to explain your ideas to non-technical stakeholdersare curious, self-directed and want to keep learning!
This is our wish list! If you don’t recognize yourself in all these points, you might still be an excellent candidate for the role. We like to think long-term and invest in people’s development together with us.

The IKEA culture and values are very much a part of our business and day to day work life. For you to thrive and grow with IKEA it’s important for us that you share our values! You can read more regarding our values and life at IKEA on our website www.ikea.com.


WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING DAY TO DAY


IKEA is taking huge steps in its digital transformation and our team of Data Scientists are working in cross-functional teams, building intelligent systems for data-driven business decisions. For example, we are developing models and tools to answer questions like:

Which marketing activities are effective and relevant?Can we predict individual customers’ interest and behavior?What is the ideal personalized inspiration, offer, timing and channel for engaging with each customer?How can we design loyalty club member rewards to nurture a sustainable customer relationship?Which topics and sentiments do our customers have about IKEA on social media or when they call us for support?How can we help our co-workers in customer support calls with automated speech analysis in real-time?How much should and will we be selling of each article over time and which commercial levers should we pull to influence this?
How do we build a global marketing framework for automating accurate predictions in real-time, while at the same time personalizing inspirational content and communicating to the customer in the right channel at the right time?
Perhaps you have your own questions to ask? Our ultimate goal is to create a better everyday life for the many people by creating a unique partnership with each customer. To do so, we want to give customers the most beneficial offer for them, exactly when they need it, and support them throughout their journey with IKEA in the best way possible.


OUR TEAM WITHIN IKEA


You will work in Data & Analytics together with other Data Analysts, Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Data Stewards and Data Architects. Together you will be joining cross-functional teams consisting of colleagues from Technology, Product, Design, that designs, implements and deploys products that help to solve these kinds of problems. It will be a mix of product insights, data visualization and writing code – as well as talking with product owners and business stakeholders.


IKEA has long been a global leader in home furnishing. We are proud of our vision to improve the everyday life of the many people. But our industry is quickly changing, and we need to adapt to stay competitive.


As part of IKEA’s journey to strengthen our digital capabilities, we are building a Dara & Analytics function. This team is working on problems across the company, ranging from customer modeling, pricing, online shopping, visual intelligence to logistic optimization.


We see so many opportunities for what we can accomplish and have the ambition to be a world class team. At the same time, we believe that our work is not just about building models, but also about learning and having fun together.

We can offer you:

Work on some very interesting problems as described above, and you are encouraged to spot new opportunities or to collaborate with Data Science colleagues in other specialist teams.Opportunities to have global impact with your work.Flexible and modern tools: we deploy on Google Cloud Platform and we use a lot of open source tools across the board.Hardware and OS of your choice.A team of great colleagues to learn with and from (with world-class experience across all aspects of Data Science).Continuous learning (we aim to spend 20% of our working time on learning).Flexible and friendly working environment.Relocation support: we are based in southern Sweden.

QUESTIONS AND SUPPORT? LET'S CONNECT!


Does this sound like your next challenge? IKEA offers an exciting and empowering work environment in a global workplace. And as the world’s leader at life at home, you have exceptional opportunities to grow and develop together with us.

If you have questions regarding the recruitment system, please reach out to Annette Björkquist-Åhstedt at Annette.bjorkquist-ahstedt@ingka.com.


Please apply with your application in English.

Note that we can’t process any applications through email. Thank you!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f1d470380fdfa2cd&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=d87aba61dc9a420b&assa=3632,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f1d470380fdfa2cd&fccid=af17ea0d1d6bbbba&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
7,social worker,Indeed,p_e233e3e313567558,Project coordinator department of Computer Science,Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, AmsterdamZuidoost,"The department of computer science at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is looking for a driven individual who can manage the administrative and procedural aspects of our national and international research projects. We seek candidates who are interested in working with academic partners spread across multiple universities, often in multiple EU counties, working within multiple EU cultures. In addition to managing existing projects, we are also looking for candidates with the skills to help our faculty apply for new research funding at the national and international levels.
Location: AMSTERDAM
FTE: 0.8 - 1
Job description
The tasks associated with this position are often deadline-driven, requiring both the administrative skills to gather and process information from a broad collection of sources, and the people skills to work with a wide-range of scientific experts who often maintain a parallel temporal agenda.


Our expectation is that over time, the candidate will work with multiple sub-disciplines of computer science, on a wide variety of projects. Our expectation is that the position will be seen as a shared resource within the department and that the candidate will have the opportunity to coordinate several projects simultaneously.


Your duties
day-to-day executive management of the relevant projects(s) and follow up on requirements set by the external funding organization
management of internal relations with project co-workers
coordinating the preparation and submission of reports, both internal and external
financial management and reporting, in close cooperation with the VU project administration
assist in (the organization of) disseminating activities such as workshops, website, conferences and publications, prepare and organize internal project meetings
maintain contacts with external stakeholders and act as first contact for the relevant projects
actively assist research staff in the faculty in acquiring new projects, negotiate with potential funders and advise on funding opportunities and assist and contribute to proposal writing processes
Requirements
higher professional education at an academic level, preferably in the sciences. Experience with scientific research projects is an advantage
good knowledge of national (NWO) and EU Funding Programmes. Knowledge of NWO consortium grant schemes (NWA-ORC, Zwaartekracht, etc.), and/or RVO grants is an advantage
experience in managing projects with commercial organizations is an advantage
understanding subsidy schemes, experience in writing and/or supporting scientists in writing and coordinating project proposals.
understanding of project administrative issues, finances, procedures, legal issues, and organization
In addition, we would expect that candidates are:
capable of operating both independently and within a team
willing to travel nationally and internationally to attend project meetings and to coordinate with partners
able to communicate effectively in verbal and written communication, both in Dutch and English, and are capable of working within intercultural network
What are we offering?
A challenging position in a socially involved organization. On full-time basis the remuneration amounts to a minimum gross monthly salary of €2,790 (scale 10)

and a maximum €4,402 (scale 10), depending on your education and experience. The job profile, projectleader 1 is based on the university job ranking system and is vacant for at least 0.8 FTE.


The initial employment contract will affect a period of 3 months, with the possibility of extension.


Additionally, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam offers excellent fringe benefits and various schemes and regulations to promote a good work/life balance, such as:
a maximum of 41 days of annual leave based on full-time employment
8% holiday allowance
8.3% end-of-year bonus
solid pension scheme (ABP)
contribution to commuting expenses
optional model for designing a personalized benefits package

About Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
The ambition of Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is clear: to contribute to a better world through outstanding education and ground-breaking research. We strive to be a university where personal development and commitment to society play a leading role. A university where people from different disciplines and backgrounds collaborate to achieve innovations and to generate new knowledge. Our teaching and research encompass the entire spectrum of academic endeavour – from the humanities, the social sciences and the natural sciences through to the life sciences and the medical sciences.


Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is home to more than 26,000 students. We employ over 4,600 individuals. The VU campus is easily accessible and located in the heart of Amsterdam’s Zuidas district, a truly inspiring environment for teaching and research.


Diversity

We are an inclusive university community. Diversity is one of our most important values. We believe that engaging in international activities and welcoming students and staff from a wide variety of backgrounds enhances the quality of our education and research. We are always looking for people who can enrich our world with their own unique perspectives and experiences.


The Faculty of Science

The Faculty of Science inspires researchers and students to find sustainable solutions for complex societal issues. From forest fires to big data, from obesity to medicines and from molecules to the moon: our teaching and research programmes cover the full spectrum of the natural sciences. We share knowledge and experience with leading research institutes and industries, both here in the Netherlands and abroad.


Working at the Faculty of Science means working with students, PhD candidates and researchers, all with a clear focus on their field and a broad view of the world. We employ more than 1,250 staff members, and we are home to around 6,000 students.

About the Department

The VU Department of Computer Science has approximately 170 staff members, including 35 tenured staff and 40-50 PhD students. Lecturers form a critical and essential basis for the functioning of the department, providing foundational education that helps determine the future of our students.


Our research and our students are diverse, covering disciplines such as Social sciences, Humanities, Economics, and Bioinformatics. Currently, we offer programs in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence and Information Sciences (BSc and MSc), and Bioinformatics and Systems Biology (MSc), with a total of around 1000 new students each year.
Application
Are you interested in this position? Please apply via the application button and upload your curriculum vitae and cover letter until March 18, 2021 .


Applications received by e-mail will not be processed.


Vacancy questions

If you have any questions regarding this vacancy, you may contact:


Name: Peter Boven

Position: Department manager

E-mail: p.f.boven@vu.nl

Telephone: 020-5989892


No agencies",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=e233e3e313567558&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=2ef7dd950fea6108&assa=4956,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e233e3e313567558&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,other service activities,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,S,0.6590909090909091,0.3409090909090909,0.4166666666666667,0.5681818181818182,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
8,social worker,Indeed,p_20064b2c7d3715a1,Junior IT Testing Specialist,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"Join our journey to be a loved, social & inclusive brand and contribute to our success by performing these tasks:
Design, prepare and execute tests
Create test automation scripts
Troubleshoot, question and critique software components, interfaces and procedures with an eye toward driving out errors
Work with developers for immediate testing analysis and action plans to repair when issues are found
Provide detailed product information about correct functioning, presenting discrepancies, bugs and issues to project teams
Collaborate with developers (internally and externally) when errors are found to reduce repetitive issues
Inform the team about the impact of errors found
Report on the testing progress
Create test automation scripts
For our ideal candidate we require:
English fluency
Passion for software product quality
Good analytical skills
Organized worker
Attention for detail
High sense of accountability and ownership
At least 2-3 years' experience in software testing, including (non)functional testing, integration testing and end-to-end testing
Experience with test automation
Knowledge of Jira is a plus
Experience with test automation
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Experience working in a retail environment and related software (e.g. POS) and solid understanding of the business processes associated with an omni-channel retailer
Together Tomorrow – Join a Retailer that's on the move to be better for our planet, better for people, better together! From diversity & inclusion, reducing waste, to product care and how we work with our suppliers, our Together Tomorrow initiative reflects what we do and helps drive change across our business. Ready to help us achieving our ambitious goals? Where ever you'll start working with us, if in Stores or our HQs, you can contribute!
Apply now with your CV or LinkedIn profile only. In case of any questions, please contact our Recruitment team via (0031)35-646 5102.
For this role, we're not looking to work with external agencies

At Hunkemöller we are looking for an awesome Junior IT Testing Specialist to join! This position will help Hunkemöller to improve quality and maximize the value of our systems and platforms. The successful candidate will be responsible for all aspects of testing of new software products in our landscape and/or changes to our current software products! So come an join our amazing brand!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=20064b2c7d3715a1&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=bdb77a33512daba4&assa=6368,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=20064b2c7d3715a1&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
9,social worker,Indeed,p_0b14e9668ea09353,"Marketing Manager, Product",JustPremium, Amsterdam,"We’re looking for an ambitious and motivated Marketing Manager - Product to join our growing team!


At JustPremium, we bring creativity to digital advertising. We deliver engaging experiences for major brands, reaching audiences around the world.

Our ambitious and energetic team is comprised of over 140 people, across 13 offices, including London, New York, LA, Brussels, Düsseldorf, Mexico City, and our headquarters in Amsterdam. With more than 10 billion available impressions, JustPremium is the world's first programmatic rich media marketplace for high impact advertisement. In 2017, Deloitte Fast 50 ranked JustPremium the 18th fastest tech growing company in the Netherlands.

If you would like to work in an environment where…

You collaborate with people who are energetic, creative and helpful
You have the opportunity to develop your skills and support your co-workers so that we can excel as a team.
We value equality and embrace diversity

…Then you would be a great candidate if you have the traits below:


Experience

2-4 years of Product Marketing / Product Management experience.
Experience in advertising/ marketing/ digital / programmatic field
Experience in B2B Product Marketing, Commercial Product Communications, and research
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business/Marketing; MBA preferred
Experience in event management is a plus
Skills

Detail oriented
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Research skills
You have an entrepreneurial spirit
You want to help build a company’s brand in the digital industry
You are a self-starter who strives for innovation and driving ideas forward
You are creative and like to think out of the box
Well-organized and efficient – a detailed and methodical approach to every project
Excel savvy and analytical skills on data
Comfortable using collaboration, CRM, and networking tools
Knowledge of Adobe and/or Wordpress
Fluent in English.
Service-minded


What You'll Be Doing (daily/monthly tasks)

General
Work alongside our in-house marketing team, including Head of Sales and Marketing, Marketing Manager, Content Writer and Graphic Designer
Support the daily departmental tasks and ad-hoc requests
Work on sales collateral, including presentation, decks, case studies, blog posts and others.
Develop and execute effective client and partner’s activation strategies and plans
Prepare and execute various communication plans (e.g., newsletter campaigns, social media posts, website content)
Event management of global industry events (Cannes Lions, DMEXCO, others) and local events for various markets


Product – Specific
Work alongside Product Team
Oversee market research on current trending products, competitor offerings, and establish timelines or upcoming products.
Support product owners in evaluating product performance with research (client surveys etc.)
Plan and coordinate new product releases
Develop messaging and branding around product offerings
What you will love about us:

We are one of the coolest ad-tech companies around
 We offer many opportunities for training and development
 We host knowledge exchanges where anyone and everyone is invited to give a training
 We offer great responsibility, ownership and a chance to grow and develop as a scale-up
 You will have daily contact with motivated JustPremium teams around the globe. With 28 different nationalities, it is an intercultural experience.
Open working environment with convenient public transportation if you would like to work in the office.
Flexibility – currently this is WFH and we expect this to be a 50/50 split of working from home/office in the future
Need a Visa? We can do that too!


We are looking forward to seeing your application!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0b14e9668ea09353&fccid=8db55c9ad35e53c8&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
10,social worker,Indeed,p_5be4519e07076ec1,Internship Marketing - Showroom Coordinator,Hunkemller, Hilversum,"You'll be assisting the media & influencer seeding and samples stock at Hunkemöller. In close contact with the Showroom Coordinator within the PR & Influencer Marketing team, you will assist in making sure that samples and seeding items will be ordered, come in accordingly and will be sent out to their designated locations (PR agencies, influencers, media). Next to this you keep our special portal website for influencers up to date and make sure that our PR agencies have access to a server with all updated materials. A great role for an organized and fast worker, you make sure that our products get in the hands of those who need to have them!
Within this role, you'll be assisting the showroom coordinator on:
Keeping track of the seeding and samples stock
Check when/what seeding comes in with the order form
Log all the seeding
Sending out packages, to ambassadors/agencies. This includes making the invoices for Russia, UK, Norway and Switzerland.
Update the seeding portal with new stock that comes in;
Order materials needed for packages
Creating seeding overviews of new collections
Keep the google drive organized, clean and updated with all important materials
YOUR PROFILE:
Organized way of working
An affinity with lingerie and all other Hunkemöller product categories
Hands-on mentality, proactive and detail oriented
Availability to work 40 hours per week and able to come to the office in Hilversum on a daily basis
Ability to handle light physical work
Knowledge of Microsoft Excel
In your Bachelor/HBO/MBO level studies within business, marketing, communication, you already finished your first semesters
Fluent in English
No thesis possible in this role
This is what you can expect from us :
A company culture build all around our mission to be a much-loved, social & inclusive brand. Which means we really value our open, diverse & innovative work environment.
A 5- 6-month internship from March 2021 which will be fun, challenging and inspiring.
A valuable and fun internship program. It's our goal to provide you with the best coaching opportunities, so that you make the most out of your internship.
Apply now with your CV (in English)!
If you have any questions, please contact Isabel from our Recruitment department via Tel-Nr. (0031)35-646 5165
Curious for more company info? Go to https://jobs.hunkemoller.nl/en/hq-jobs/interns to read more about our 'Best internship in Retail'.

Apply now for the “Best internship in Retail” at Hunkemöller! - In for a challenge at Hunkemöller? Hunkemöller strives to be a much loved, social & inclusive brand. Within our international headoffice you can be creative, unique and really get involved in the decision-making process!
As of March 2021 our Marketing Department at the headoffice in Hilversum (close to Amsterdam) is looking for a passionate Marketing Showroom Coordinator intern. Are you currently studying and looking for an interesting internship at our expanding, international Retail Brand? And do you want to join the Hunkemöller lifestyle? Then don’t be shy and apply!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5be4519e07076ec1&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=8e5f26e24fd470ff&assa=9095,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=5be4519e07076ec1&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
11,social worker,Indeed,p_6725cc379cffe98f,Media & Digital Manager,Diageo, Amsterdam,"Job Description :
Diageo Context

Diageo was created in 1997 but its business is built on the principles and foundations laid years before by giants of the industry – Arthur Guinness, John Walker, Elizabeth Cumming and many more. Today, Diageo is a world class leader in beverage alcohol, producing an outstanding collection of over 200 brands and owning the top two largest spirit brands in the world, Johnnie Walker and Smirnoff and 20 of the world’s top 100 spirit brands. Its portfolio also includes Crown Royal, J&B, Buchanan’s and Windsor Whiskies, Cîroc and Ketel One vodkas, Captain Morgan, Baileys, Don Julio, Tanqueray and Guinness.
Diageo has built a strong platform for growth – through investment in its own brands, and by acquisition to broaden the geographical footprint and category depth and range. The company’s strong local business units are well-positioned to win in increasingly competitive and fast-paced environments. Diageo’s portfolio is well-diversified across price-tiers, enabling it to participate where consumer opportunity is greatest, and to capture shifts in consumer preference.
Diageo's culture is built and maintained by the five values that underpin its business and guide how Diageo works. At Diageo, employees are passionate about its customers and consumers and want to be the best . They give each other the freedom to succeed and value each other . Employees work hard so they can be proud of what they do and how they do it. While Diageo moves at pace, constantly evolving and improving, its values remain consistent. Diageo wants that employees live these values every day, everywhere so that Diageo can be proud of what they do and be the best that they can be.
More about Diageo is available at its web site: https://www.diageo.com/
Role Dimensions
A unique opportunity for anyone with a real passion and flair for media strategy and implementation. This role is about understanding our business challenges and have a consumer focus to get the best media strategy and planning in for our markets. The media and digital manager will be responsible for delivering market leading data-driven media planning. Working with the Head of Culture & Entertainment, Media and Digital you will be working as part of a team leading Diageo’s annual connections planning process in Northern Europe in close collaboration with key internal stakeholders and external agency partners to build world class media plans that consistently deliver category and brand growth.
Part of the team’s mission is to future-proof our organisation and create a differentiated advantage for Diageo by responding to changing consumer, media and market landscapes in an agile and impactful way.
Top Accountabilities
Acting as a holistic media expert responsible for delivering world class data-driven media strategy and plans for our brands that are activated brilliantly working seamlessly with the category brand teams
Influencing and building capability in order to drive effective media stratgey that delivers category and brand growth
Ensuring all media plans for our brands across the portfolio uphold our global media standards
Work in collaboration with senior stakeholders to influence media investments decisions
Work to deliver fully integrated connections plans. Responsible for ensuring all activity operates 100%, ‘no dead ends’ across the consumer journey
Ensure appropriate use of data, & insight as part of the connections planning process, to understand local business challenges and opportunities and translate them into briefs, as well as predict trends and campaign impact
Help drive a performance marketing mindset and culture when it comes to media optimisation
Media leadership: ability to influence media decisions at all levels internally and externally with maturity to maximise impact
Recruitment/Re-recruitment – both from a shopper and consumer perspective
Scale – in all commercial elements of the brands, building strong relationships with the Revenue and Category team to deliver above and beyond the AOP
Physical Availability - the ability to see, find and trigger associated memories in a buying context, all resulting in success at the point of purchase
Leadership:
Win through Execution
Sets and pursues direction without guidance and takes a wide view of their accountabilities
High energy and ambition to achieve successful outcomes and high standards
Balances analysis and execution and adjusts thinking in the face of new information
Actively spots opportunities or issues and identifies which are urgent and important
Generates a range of workable solutions, decides what should be done and takes action
Shape the Future
Sees the big picture and possibility from multiple angles and through a creative lens
Frames issues in a way that creates clarity and incorporates others' best thinking
Accurately digests large amounts of information and breaks down complex problems thoroughly
Challenges themselves and others to take on new or unfamiliar tasks and ways of working
Inspire through Purpose
Finds broader meaning in their work and aspires to make a significant difference
Reads their environment and understands how culture and context influences people's perspectives
Is actively aware of the impact they have on others and tunes in to the needs of individuals around them
Communicates in a compelling, persuasive and impactful way
Draws on a variety of influencing styles to engage different audiences
Invest in Talent
Displays confidence in their ability to meet challenges and succeed
Maintains belief and optimism and bounces back quickly from setbacks or failures
Demonstrates a realistic and thoughtful awareness of their own capabilities
Proactively seeks feedback and development for growth and takes action
Ideal experiences / Qualifications / capabilities
Be a passionate media expert that has a deep understanding of the media landscape within a CPG business model and the P&L levers that drive growth
You are constantly curious about consumers; have a deep understanding of consumer behaviour across all media channels and an eye on the future to ensure Diageo is always at forefront of change
A strong team player who enjoy working in a fast-paced team environment. Always ready to roll-up your sleeves and get things done
5 years+ experience in strategy and planning of media on a portfolio client within a marketing/agency environment
Proven ability to craft media planning strategies and activations that have delivered YoY growth
Confident digital native: proven strategic planning ability across all digital channels and platforms (social, display, video, PPC etc) understanding the roles each plays within the consumer journey
Demonstrated brilliant execution to impeccably high standards
Deep personal accountability for great performance
Analytical mindset, understands continuous testing and improving based on details and data. I able to transform them into a media plan and performance such as A/B tests and optimisations
Pro-active and positive mindset
Worker Type :
Regular
Primary Location:
Amsterdam
Additional Locations :
Hamburg
Job Posting Start Date :
2021-02-04-08:00",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6725cc379cffe98f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=613023a8e806ec16&assa=779,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6725cc379cffe98f&fccid=942d238ea16c5cd0&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,commercial services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,G,0.43134535367545074,0.5686546463245492,0.340940612785273,0.6591854747194553,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
12,social worker,Indeed,p_f4b6951250e3a0a6,Writer (Internship),Europe Real Estate REP, Amsterdam,"Europe Real Estate (REP) is Europe’s commercial real estate and retail news and publishing company.

Are you self-motivated, full of ideas and just need to prove yourself in order to get a foot on the career ladder? If you are a hard worker, looking for experience to break into the fast-moving world of media, you have found the place!

Everything that you do at Europe Real Estate will be relevant to you gaining deeper knowledge and experience, and ultimately if you are the right candidate, a position in the company after a successful internship.
Education, Skills and Experience:
B.A. in journalism or related field
Excellent communication skills and a good sense of how to tell a story
Must be incredibly organised and have attention to detail
Ability to maintain high-quality work while meeting tight deadlines
Experience working with social media
Familiarity with CMS and an understanding of SEO is a plus
Work with content providers and source new material, reports and research
Encourage team projects and source interviews for the websites and publications
You should be based in or around Amsterdam with an EU status.
Start: ASAP
Please send your CV and a cover letter to jobs@europe-re.com",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f4b6951250e3a0a6&fccid=92a3f2d7a5eeb233&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
13,social worker,Indeed,p_b05fd76bca69438c,Strategic Sales Development Representative | DACH,Jamf, Amsterdam Zuid,"Who we are:
Jamf, the standard for Apple in the enterprise, extends the legendary Apple experience people love to businesses, schools, and government organizations by simplifying Mac, iPad, iPhone and Apple TV deployment, management and security — anytime, anywhere.


We are a group of curious, self-starters with a passion for helping people make sense of technology – freeing nurses to care, teachers to teach and businesses to thrive. We take pride in making meaningful impact for tens of thousands of customers around the globe, all the while getting to work with the best Apple infrastructure and security platform in the world. We have over 1,300 employees worldwide with offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. To learn more visit: https://www.jamf.com/careers.


What you’ll do at Jamf:
At Jamf, we empower people to be their best selves and do their best work. You will help prospects understand how they can make the management of their Apple devices robust and easy. You will be developing leads through social media, e-mail, web-conferencing, webinars, seminars and phone to assist with building the key account pipeline. Once you have found a qualified opportunity, you will pass it on to the Field Sales team. You will have a close working relationship with this team, as well as with our Marketing team. As a member of the Jamf family, you will contribute to our high energy, collaborative and fun environment.


Who you are:

You have an outgoing, can-do attitude, and hunter mentality
You are a great listener and effective communicator
You enjoy taking initiatives and trying new things
You are determined and resilient, with a result driven and competitive mindset
You have interest for technology and would like to be part of a fast-growing company
You are a collaborative team player who is always looking to learn and improve
You enjoy making other people successful (Selflessness)
You are able to simplify ideas in an easy to understand, non-technical manner
You are well organised and can juggle several simultaneous priorities
You can build meaningful relationships and have good business acumen
You are able to tailor your message based on the customer’s role, goals and challenges (value selling)
You create an environment where all job responsibilities are in alignment with the core values (Selflessness & Relentless Self-improvement), mission and purpose of the organization
You foster a workplace with the highest moral, ethical and legal standards to deliver an environment that promotes respect, innovation and creativity
You model a positive and inclusive workplace, one in which the talents and strengths of our increasingly diverse workforce are welcomed, further developed, and manifested in our work

Education: Bachelor's degree preferred
Professional working proficiency in English and German required, any other languages are a plus
2+ years’ experience in a sales, business or entrepreneurial role is required
Salesforce or other CRM related systems and integrations experience is a plus
Successful track record of building outbound sales campaigns and opportunities is a plus
Ability to collaborate effectively with dynamic co-workers in a result driven culture
Ability to work independently and coordinate well with other team members that are remote
Travel: 10-25%


How we help you reach your best potential:

We are progressive, but laid back. You are free to be you and work how you work best. Here, you manage your own day and your own work style.
Our people are what make us great, and we protect our people. Jamfs across the globe receive a superior compensation and benefits package.
Everyone has a voice and everyone can make a difference, our more than 90% employee retention rate agrees!
Opportunity to make a real and meaningful impact for more than 38,000 global customers with the best Apple device management solution in the world.
We put people over profits – which is why our customers keep coming back to us.
24 of 25 world’s most valuable brands rely on Jamf to do their best work (as ranked by Forbes).
Over 100,000 Jamf Nation users, the largest online IT community in the world.


You are the right kind of Jamf if:
You go above and beyond for others, genuine and willing to help, always. You support the team around you, you don’t point fingers or pass blame. You take responsibility for your actions, are open, and respect others. You value different perspectives, in how you work and how you learn. You are naturally inquisitive, like to create and be creative. You are a problem solver, curious and resourceful, self-driven and constantly improving. You roll up your sleeves and dig in. You are excited by not knowing what may lie ahead. You are willing to take risks, try new things, even fail just to do it better next time. You’re not a jerk. You put people first. You are a good person, someone who just wants to do the right thing.


Why Jamf?
Our mission is simple; we help organizations succeed with Apple. At Jamf, we put people first. We focus on the human before we focus on the technology. We are just good people that have it at their core to do what’s right – for our customers, our employees and our communities.


Get social with us: Instagram, LinkedIn, & Facebook
Follow the conversation at #onejamf",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b05fd76bca69438c&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=617f2f0b2c150eca&assa=3768,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b05fd76bca69438c&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,8 dagen geleden,8 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
14,social worker,Indeed,pj_4377cf527b4fa73f,Marketing & Sales Specialist - SOCIAL MEDIA - WERKEN VANUIT HUIS,Unify Recruitment, Amsterdam,"Heb jij passie voor Social Media en Online Marketing? Dan is deze vacature iets voor jou!Do you like social media? Are you curious about how a social media platform is working? If sales and advising customers is something you love and you want to be part of a world leading company that offers you excitement and room to grow, then this job is for you!For the largest Social Media platform worldwide, we are looking for Dutch speaking Sales and Marketing Advisors.Did you ever fancy a career in the digital world and use your social media enthusiasm in an international company? You do not need to look further. We are innovative experts for customized service solutions in business customer support and sales. We are looking for social media freaks & sales gurus for our team of experts in social media Customer Service or Sales and Marketing. Work for one of the leading social media network worldwide - 100% and temporarily in your home office.Your benefitsFulltime job 40 hours per week1 year contract3 weeks fully paid training from homeSalary of € 2500,- (excluding bonusses) gross monthly - on top of your salary + 40,- euro cash card.Bonusses up to 600,- euro gross per monthWorking hours Monday to Friday (office hours)An occupational pension schemeDevelopment opportunities within the companyWe will provide you with working devices such as laptop, screens and headsetExclusive employee discounts for online shopping from your couchThe diversity and security of a global world leader.JOBYou will be single point of contact for advertisers and agencies (SMB) for different types of inquiries in DUTCHYou are putting together solutions to support and expand your customer's self-serve advertising customer baseYou are able to manage all different types of inquiries generated via inbound activities such as chat, email and social media messengerYou will demonstrate the value of advertising solutions and provide post-sales support for all self-service productsYou will take an active role in providing excellent and nimble customer service experience and seek continuously for initiatives to enhance service and improve the overall customer advertising experienceFor successful online advertising campaigns of your B2B customers, you will provide information and guidance by offering your expert knowledge in social media sales and marketing business supportYou detect trends and undesirable developments at an early stage of the advertising campaigns and apply your ideas to a powerful and profitable campaignYou will optimize advertising placements based on advertising success metrics and their regular analysisSKILLSExperience in a service organization, online advertising experience is a huge plus and preferredExperience in Sales and/or Marketing with proven record of accomplishment is a big plusProfessional customer service skills: solutions mindset, helping nature, passionFluent, verbal and written in DUTCH/Nederlands, Minimum B2 in EnglishExcellent written and verbal communication skillsOut of the box thinking, problem solving abilities, multitasking and ability to work under pressureFast learner, diligent worker and critical thinker in order to answer all questions with well thought out answersFamiliarity with online advertising products to be easily trained on the ad productsBen je enthousiast geworden? Reageer dan snel op deze vacature.Soort dienstverband: Bepaalde tijd, Onbepaalde tijdSalaris: €2.500,00 - €3.200,00 per maandWerkschema:DagdienstThuiswerken:Tijdelijk vanwege COVID-19",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CJ5TdjACvrEbwPpRAIsr_0Ll95l2i74aWnMRYUlOA115T73Q5iWkmw71YlFFj5D3nZD8lHKfrS32yGp2mA4YLiThRFGvgp3tykPJ02ostDdANaoLnB6n-JUMMxNUCRWJWlbgCGe3wQ-W8tuCWki0JuDTyZY7IEIPdXKZ5VwihS_0ZOOEOZaNM2oIJJwMK4CwY3fAPapens6DUliH2tDejPJn_PYbiPeRagsTwGQ2yTt9Jj6fGMnYBe7NSYS_ZBBg_FQp0fsmZnY985CDd5TWcMZ0rOf19FtCpn-p4g1UFos2WTd_JW2S5XLbcg4DKLCXkhdzdee1FkGQdNVWViIJeWpcagZbMXGwpDwYVcF0Z6wvpapLjqvS682wqgdEDOOUZcVIPM3VQY5N44dwLWr-hy2_r2h7L3BTjh8XNUKpvV1-2WCdyvXyJmHF9qIFDZ4j9AujF1W3WasnhkMrUpOZMnUF_66yDLCWTlum3mIwDQW7yWkStsAKYJqoMSJ25wv93IBZsTNCNTHQ==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
15,social worker,Indeed,p_4b0c089790e3f378,Digital & IT Change Manager,LeasePlan Digital, Amsterdam,"To continue LeasePlan's success story in the fast-moving automotive industry, we are actively building our digital presence to create the ""future of digital"" in the mobility industry, and to achieve our vision of ""any car, anywhere, anytime"".
As part of the global LeasePlan corporation, LeasePlan Digital and IT provide global IT support, development and digital services to our core business.

To strengthen our team, we are looking for a Digital & IT Change Manager able to bring innovation, who is business and Tech Savvy, can build Relationships, bring energy and is results driven.
This is your opportunity to join a fantastic, fun and agile team and to grow your career in IT in a challenging environment which will support your career development and offer you both global and local opportunities.

What are you going to do?
Responsibilities
The purpose of this role is to deliver the support for change across LeasePlan Digital and IT projects. The person will be responsible for developing and implementing change, communication and plans to identify business impacts, business readiness and to secure buy-in and engagement from stakeholders and end users.

Responsible for deploying multi-channel communication strategy to deepen understanding and advocacy for digital transformation, customer centricity, value propositions and other key initiatives and for providing specialised, professional communication tools and services to coach and support leaders and co-workers.

We are seeking a motivated and confident person who will engage our stakeholders to deliver successful adoption of projects aligned to business goals.

You will:

Prepare and present Change approach / strategy / plans with key deliverables and resources.
Develop stakeholder analysis and management plan(s).
Develop and deliver communication support material using a variety of media and channels.
Develop and deliver communications plans, key messages, FAQS, briefings, publications, social and digital content and internal events to secure buy-in and engagement of end users and people impact by the change coming from our Digital & IT projects and Customer Journeys.
Develop creative and innovative change solutions to support projects.
Develop writing business change material for communication including presentation and support material and experience working with corporate communications and communications support.
Establish and build strong relationships with corporate business areas i.e. HR & Corporate Communications.
Work closely with the Change team (Change Managers and Training Leads), project teams, PO teams.
Determine model of engagement and seek to understand internal audiences to raise awareness and engage people in adopting change.

What do you need to do the job?
Minimum 3+ years' experience delivering IT business change and adoption in a large complex environment.
Demonstrated understanding and delivery of communications plans, key messages, FAQS, briefings, publications, social and digital content and internal events.
Experience writing business change material for communication including presentation and support material and experience working with corporate communications and communications support.
Experience in project management, consulting jobs.
User Experience understanding and ability to deliver change and adoption from their perspective.
Experience in a multinational and multi-cultural organization.
Experience in using Microsoft O365, Teams, SharePoint and use of common and current Digital tools.
Structured way of working, results driven, proactive, self-starter and able to be effective in a challenging environment.
Strong stakeholder management skills.
Excellent facilitation, collaboration, negotiation, and presentation skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.
Education / work level at University / HBO level.

Competencies
Be Authentic
Be Business and Tech Savvy
Build Relationships
Grow People
Innovate
Learn
Perform
Take the Initiative

What do we offer?
We offer a challenging and dynamic atmosphere, with the backing of one of the world's leading fleet management companies. That means an office / virtual office surrounded by like-minded innovators. You can also expect a competitive salary and benefits, room to grow and plenty of can-do attitudes. Most importantly? You'll get the opportunity to help shape the future of an exciting, dynamic industry.

This role is based in Amsterdam and a pre-employment screening is part of the selection process.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4b0c089790e3f378&fccid=7f9bfd068f560582&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
16,social worker,Indeed,p_3708ac738e2bac68,IP Intern (IP law) - Brand Protection,Corsearch, Amsterdam Westpoort,"In the seedy, greedy world of online crime, there are tens of thousands of counterfeit products placed for sale on the internet at any given moment. Corsearch has developed an advanced software solution that allows our legal analysts to easily detect and act against online IP infringements on behalf of brands who are looking to eliminate knock-off items.
Why work as an intern at Corsearch?

You will gain valuable work experience and develop your IP knowledge and legal skill set at a reputable and lively company in one of the most vibrant cities in the world (Amsterdam).

What will you do?

You will assist the Brand Protection Team with detecting infringing content on marketplaces, social media platforms, and webshops on behalf of the world’s most valuable brands. You will work with in-house software and keep your IP knowledge up to date.
What do we ask of you?

For this job, we are looking for a digital superhero with the following skill set:

You’re in your final year of your bachelor’s degree (preferably)
You’re a hard worker who is both energetic and flexible
You have an independent and efficient way of working
You pay attention to details and value accuracy
Fast learner who is eager to gain new knowledge
You have good written and verbal English skills (required), additional languages are a plus
You have excellent computer skills (Excel, Word, etc.)
What’s in it for you?
You don’t live right next to the office? No problem! We’ll reimburse you for home-work commuting (once the Covid19 situation stabilizes and we are back to working from the office)
You get to work with a fun, diverse team from over 30 different nationalities
Are you an early bird or do you prefer to take it easy in the morning? Good thing we offer flexible working hours!
What do you do next?

If this sounds interesting, click apply and introduce yourself! We’d love to have a chat to get to know each other (video chat because of the current situation). We will be sure to keep you posted about the recruitment process every step of the way, which may also include an assessment. We very much look forward to hearing from you!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3708ac738e2bac68&fccid=ba2a929a5b4d47c6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
17,social worker,Indeed,p_6f0a47993eb3d1ea,Research Intern,Aflatoun, Amsterdam,"Aflatoun

Aflatoun International is a non-profit organization, which offers social and financial education to children and young people worldwide, empowering them to make a positive change for a more equitable world. Aflatoun creates high-quality curricula, for different age groups, which are contextualized to local needs and specific circumstances, In 2019, Aflatoun reached 10.5 million children in 108 countries through over 345 partner organizations.


Aflatoun programs inspire children to discover their talents and put them to use, to stand up for their rights and those of their communities, to play games, and to solve problems. They learn how to save, how to budget, and how to set up social and financial enterprises that benefit themselves, their families, and their communities.


Background

To ensure the effectiveness of their programs, Aflatoun has conducted more than 100 research activities using a variety of approaches, including rigorous studies such as the RCTs conducted in Cameroon, Burkina Faso, India, Tajikistan, Rwanda, and Uganda. During the last few years, Aflatoun has been working on a considerable number of internal and external projects that has consolidated its position as a research lead in social and financial education.
Building on this, the Aflatoun research team is looking for an intern to support two main activities:


The Aflatoun Annual Survey
Compilation & dissemination of Aflatoun studies (last 10 years)


The intern will work closely with Aflatoun’s research team and will be responsible for the following tasks:

Activity

1.- Aflatoun annual survey

Tasks

In coordination with the responsible of the Survey,
update the questions into the system (clicktools) in the Aflatoun core languages
review the list of respondents/follow up the responses
cleaning and analysis of data
writing report summarizing findings

Activity

2.- Compilation & dissemination of Aflatoun studies

Tasks

In coordination with the research team, support the internal and external dissemination of results of research conducted by Aflatoun in the last years. That includes:
The review of 100 evaluation report
The update of the research brief (2020)
The design of materials to support Social and Financial Education (SFE) advocacy (in collaboration with Fundraising, Comms and Programs areas)

During the internship, the intern will support other activities conducted by the research team and also will become familiar with the activities conducted by other areas in the Office. We expect that the person selected as intern brings to the research team her/his interest in learning Social and Financial Education as well as her/his fresh ideas and willingness to support the work of the research area.


Duration of the internship

The internship is expected to start on March 1 , 2021, and end on July 31, 2021. The intern will receive a internship agreement for 40 hours according to Aflatoun’s internship guidelines. Due to the COVID pandemic situation, the intern is expected to work remotely with close online interaction with the research team.

Skills required

To be enrolled in the last part of master studies or graduate from studies such as education, international studies, development economics, development studies, etc.
Experience using assessment/evaluation methodologies
Experience using excel
Knowledge about impact evaluation, including an understanding of quantitative evaluation
Team worker easily adapted to changing priorities and needs
Experience with - and interest in –SFE advocacy
Proficiency in English
Allowed to do an intership in The Netherlands for the next 6 months


Contact

Send a motivation letter including a CV to gabriela@aflatoun.org before February 11, 2020.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=6f0a47993eb3d1ea&fccid=427632dad26793b5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
18,social worker,Indeed,p_1c4b3c4ea99ddfb9,Productionworker (Plants),UBN Uitzendbureau, De Kwakel,"Productionworker (Plants)
Location: De Kwakel

Hours: 24 uur

Education level: Ongeschoold

Salary (min.): € 10.06,-

Salary (max.): € 10.06,-

Start date: 8 februari 2021

Apply
Opslaan als favoriet / Add to favorites
Job description
For our client in de Kwakel we are looking for several production workers. In this function you are responsible for making all the orders ready for shipment. You will receive a list with all the plants that you have to sort out and combine. You have to place all the plants on the same trolley. Most of the time you will spend with this task, but if you have time left there is a chance that you have to help the logistics department.
Requirements
Every order has to be sorted correctly, so it is important that you are able to work accurate. Furthermore it is important that you are able to speak English so you can communicate with your colleagues.
What we have to offer?
At first you will work two or three days a week. If you like the job and our client also thinks you are doing a good job, there is a chance that tou can work 40 hours a week. The salary is €10,06 gross an hour. You will also receive travel allowance.
Where?
Our client is part of Dutch Flower Group, a unique family of more than 25 specialized trade companies in the flower and plant sector who together provide the entire horticultural supply chain. Each company has their own specialization and client focus and is independently managed. Dutch Flower Group strives to have specialized companies in every segment of the horticultural supply chain that excel in what they do. This is the base of a successful business.
Apply procedure
The moment you apply to this vacancy, we will review your resume and motivation. Do we see a match with our client? Then we will send you an invitation for an intake. This will take place at our location on the van Woustraat in Amsterdam.

During the intake we discuss your work experience and wishes for a new challenge. In addition, we provide some additional information about the job and the company. Do we still see a match and are you enthusiastic about the vacancy? Then we sign the papers and are you ready to start!
Apply
Print this vacancy
This vacancy hasn't been filled yet
Opslaan als favoriet / Add to favorites
Or share this vacancy on social:
Location:
Amsterdam
Van Woustraat 84
1073 LP Amsterdam
Phone: 020-3058830
Email: amsterdam@ubnuitzendbureau.com
Contact:
Anouk
Phone: 020-3058830
Email: anoukmentink@ubnuitzendbureau.com
The best jobs
Personal approach
Your own contactperson",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=1c4b3c4ea99ddfb9&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=3afdf9a8d909ef3b&assa=6662,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1c4b3c4ea99ddfb9&fccid=8212e26fa8fd66e6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
19,social worker,Indeed,p_cacf2f9f9c9c3e56,Marketing Communications & Social Media Specialist,Page Personnel, Amsterdam,"About Our Client
For our own company (recruitment consultancy) we are currently looking for a Marketing Communications & Social Media Specialist . You will work for all our labels; Page Executive, Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Talent. Mainly focusing on The Netherlands and partly on Sweden. You will be located at our office in Amsterdam (Zuidas).
Job Description
Manage and develop corporate social media channels for PageGroup brands in the Netherlands;
Manage and develop PageGroup social sharing programmes;
Contribute to content marketing programmes in the Netherlands. Coordination and development of local content based on global content programme;
Build and manage a proactive Employer Brand reputation management programme for the Netherlands;
Support Netherlands talent acquisition programmes by managing and developing the PageGroup employer brand, leveraging paid and organic channels;
Support Netherlands Marketing team in candidate and client attraction programmes.
Establish relevant KPI targets, monitor progress and improve;
Contribute to promoting innovation in our marketing campaigns, bringing ideas, assessing ideas from co-workers;
Coordinate marketing activities for Swedish market (reporting to Head of Marketing Northern Europe and Director Michael Page Sweden);
Close collaboration with local and European marketing peers, Shared Service Center marketing specialist teams, Dutch senior management.
New job
International company
The Successful Applicant
Circa 2-4 years of professional experience in a similar marketing or communications role;
HBO/University level degree with focus on marketing or similar;
Fluent in Dutch and English;
Loves to work as a team;
Evidence of hands-on mentality, getting stuff done;
Experience in stakeholder management;
Affinity with content marketing; digital savvy; attention to details;
Flexibility to travel to other offices in Netherlands (Rotterdam, Utrecht, Tilburg)
What's on Offer
Dynamic, high-paced and pragmatic working environment;
Social, multi-cultural colleagues; embracing diversity;
Industry leading marketing programs and technology;
Attractive salary & bonus package;
Flexible hours and home/remote working;
Company laptop, iPhone with subscription;
Public transport reimbursement;
Collective health insurance discounts.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=cacf2f9f9c9c3e56&from=vj&sjdu=DDFPzxEvhRu-RWYrxCrCmjBQewza1hjVAtNtv0I5XVDnGA2z7KBcEenNNOrrbb5fJA1sTuBRWntGpJGvW5FEeCG7dEZ_36QE3upgIsrQTXSmCzYdX7E_OlUf5FIBdIHsrF47p0EyUfNLnEZhFZllmVfU7H6SYLwDmwd9uRv0ssWhTZnEhB9LsBZ0TDCrKVWstd3R0F79fnheDRqZH8thsAFu3bVDsnkYK4Fch7zeAknRB2xoZ8lx4PVdfhAmMchc&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=9f48f39e94d8a816&assa=7717,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cacf2f9f9c9c3e56&fccid=e5ea1ff710ce39ca&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
20,social worker,Indeed,p_7c28d1cc9085cce0,Reception assistant (16 hrs p / w),great, Amsterdam Zuid,"Job description:

As a reception assistant you are the calling card of the club and you are able to speak to the visitors in a customer-friendly manner. You are social and you work proactively. You inform the (potential) members about the possibilities within the club and answer questions. In addition, you perform administrative work at the reception. You strive for a member satisfaction by offering optimal service to the members! You also support the Sales process.


Who are we looking for?

You are the first point of contact where members can address their questions;

You are enthusiastic and you have an energetic appearance;

Flexible in terms of working hours, change services and weekend shifts are part of the job;

Service and solution-oriented, loyal and flexible;

Disciplined and an independent worker;

Looking for a long-term cooperation.

You have experience with administrative work;

Do you have affinity with sport and do you like working in a healthy environment? Then we are looking for you!

Are you interested in this position? Send your application to welcome@greatclub.nl",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7c28d1cc9085cce0&fccid=64c476772f3101c2&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,financial institutions,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,,K,0.39416058394160586,0.6058394160583942,0.5328467153284672,0.46715328467153283,Mixed Gender,Older
21,social worker,Indeed,p_b409603441567757,PR INTERN AMSTERDAM,IVY LEE, Amsterdam,"We are looking for highly motivated interns for our office in Amsterdam. As an all-round intern, you are a part of our team of account managers. Are you the person we are looking for? Send your resumé and introduction letter to info@ivylee.nl.
Responsibilities
– Overall assistance to the PR account managers and agency manager
– Showroom activities: showroom presentation and -styling, assistance of stylists and other visitors, processing requests and administration of samples
– Clippings and reporting assistance
– Researching new trends
– Influencer reach out and research
– Helping with press releases and set up mailing templates
– Event production assistance
Requirements
We are looking for someone who is social, who has a passion for fashion and who is suitable for a role as contact person for stylists and influencers. Besides that, our ideal intern would be:
– Punctual and driven
– Flexible and stress resistant
– A ‘clean desk worker’
– A team player, who can also work on his/her own
– Experience in photoshop and Indesign would be great/not a must
– Available for at least 5 months
– Parttime or fulltime
What do we offer
– An all-round and educational internship within the fashion and lifestyle industry
– An informal and international work environment where your input is appreciated
– The opportunity to do research for a school project
– The opportunity to create a network with stylists, press and influencers
Job location:
Amsterdam
Required education:
HBO/WO
Job type:
Internship",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b409603441567757&from=vj&sjdu=sZRoczn8y-GIbu8dgTIgqmQs30I48yc2lG2WZWJsfCE&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=7726414d9d4cc132&assa=1608,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b409603441567757&fccid=a666093538a842fa&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
22,social worker,Indeed,p_4c93b1e43d746cc1,Digital Designer,Keplar Agency, Amsterdam,"Apply What we offer
You help our clients reach and exceed their online goals with fresh digital designs. As a Digital Designer you will join a team of creatives, designers, and developers. Your work includes translating brand strategy and research insights into new concepts, visual design, user flows and interaction designs that delight the users. Of course, you will constantly push yourself to innovate and extend the boundaries of digital design, ensuring every project you lay hands on is unique, fresh and of the highest quality.
You are a passionate digital designer with a creative mind. You have made miles, which resulted in an inspiring portfolio, showcasing a broad set of design on UX and visual design. Besides the usual design software like Sketch, Illustrator and Photoshop, you are familiar with modern prototyping tools. You use the process of design not to create just things, but to engineer the best possible service for customers. You have present knowledge about internet and modern (social) media. Your are a communicative team-player that keeps an open dialog. You speak and write English (Dutch can be a bonus but is not mandatory). You have a broad knowledge of popular design and prototyping tools.
Do you recognise yourself in this profile? Are you interested in an awesome at a young and lively company? If so, please send your resume and motivation letter to: s@keplar.nl
Our ambition is to make friends for life so let's work together. Our open plan office is based right on top of the Foodhallen in one the most inspiring buildings of the city, bursting with creative partner companies. Your colleagues are young, multinational and spirited. We have an informal company culture (including communal lunch and Friday drinks) and English is our primary language of communication.
Talented, backed-up with a outspoken portfolio
Knowledge of the web, usability and interfaces
Known with Sketch and prototyping tools
A reliable worker, eager to learn and a great person to be around with",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4c93b1e43d746cc1&fccid=0850d565378185c2&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
23,social worker,Indeed,p_7bd7f26959a589db,Senior Brand Manager,Diageo, Amsterdam,"Job Description :
Diageo COntext

Diageo was created in 1997 but its business is built on the principles and foundations laid years before by giants of the industry – Arthur Guinness, John Walker, Elizabeth Cumming and many more. Today, Diageo is a world class leader in beverage alcohol, producing an outstanding collection of over 200 brands and owning the top two largest spirit brands in the world, Johnnie Walker and Smirnoff and 20 of the world’s top 100 spirit brands. Its portfolio also includes Crown Royal, J&B, Buchanan’s and Windsor Whiskies, Cîroc and Ketel One vodkas, Captain Morgan, Baileys, Don Julio, Tanqueray and Guinness.
Diageo has built a strong platform for growth – through investment in its own brands, and by acquisition to broaden the geographical footprint and category depth and range. The company’s strong local business units are well-positioned to win in increasingly competitive and fast-paced environments. Diageo’s portfolio is well-diversified across price-tiers, enabling it to participate where consumer opportunity is greatest, and to capture shifts in consumer preference.
Diageo's culture is built and maintained by the five values that underpin its business and guide how Diageo works. At Diageo, employees are passionate about its customers and consumers and want to be the best . They give each other the freedom to succeed and value each other . Employees work hard so they can be proud of what they do and how they do it. While Diageo moves at pace, constantly evolving and improving, its values remain consistent. Diageo wants that employees live these values every day, everywhere so that Diageo can be proud of what they do and be the best that they can be.
More about Diageo is available at its web site: https://www.diageo.com/
Role Dimensions
Diageo brand teams are the custodians of our brands and work to ensure the future growth and success of said brand. As a member of this team you will be the guardian of our the brands within this category and work to shape their future.
To reflect our desire to be agile and also ensure our talent can be developed across the most important projects, this role sits within the relevant brand category team but is not purely aligned to one single brand within in.
You will drive and project manage the creation of brand strategy and brand plans based on consumer, customer and shopper insights, build brand equity and help drive;
Recruitment/Re-recruitment – both from a customer and consumer perspective
Scale – in all commercial elements of the brands, building strong relationships with the commercial teams on the ground to deliver above and beyond the AOP
Fame – making these brands the most talked about across the market. You will work with the Global Brand Teams, multiple agencies, cross-functional teams and partners to deliver on our salience and brand love objectives
Physical Availability - the ability to see, find and trigger associated memories in a buying context, all resulting in success at the point of purchase
Top Accountabilities
Functional:
Drive and project manage the creation of long-term brand strategy and brand plans based on consumer, customer, and shopper insight
Lead cross-agency teams and foster new partnerships in developing the brand’s communication approach and execution in an omnichannel environment (on, off & 3rd space)
Find, own and build the role the brand plays in culture, working collaboratively with members of the Culture & Entertainment function
Shape the brand to thrive in a digital environment, develop long term digital strategy & social media plans
Own the shadow P&L for the brands across the market. Understand and respond to the drivers of your brand performance, working in partnership with the commercial teams to deliver the annual operating plan
Understand and manage pricing & promo strategy, margin mix and volume drivers
Translates strategies into brilliantly executed plans that consistently beat the competition and gain share
Leadership:
Win through Execution
Sets and pursues direction without guidance and takes a wide view of their accountabilities
High energy and ambition to achieve successful outcomes and high standards
Balances analysis and execution and adjusts thinking in the face of new information
Actively spots opportunities or issues and identifies which are urgent and important
Generates a range of workable solutions, decides what should be done and takes action
Shape the Future
Sees the big picture and possibility from multiple angles and through a creative lens
Frames issues in a way that creates clarity and incorporates others' best thinking
Accurately digests large amounts of information and breaks down complex problems thoroughly
Challenges themselves and others to take on new or unfamiliar tasks and ways of working
Inspire through Purpose
Finds broader meaning in their work and aspires to make a significant difference
Reads their environment and understands how culture and context influences people's perspectives
Is actively aware of the impact they have on others and tunes in to the needs of individuals around them
Communicates in a compelling, persuasive and impactful way
Draws on a variety of influencing styles to engage different audiences
Invest in Talent
Displays confidence in their ability to meet challenges and succeed
Maintains belief and optimism and bounces back quickly from setbacks or failures
Demonstrates a realistic and thoughtful awareness of their own capabilities
Proactively seeks feedback and development for growth and takes action
Ideal experiences / Qualifications / capabilities
6+ years of relevant marketing experience
Existing apability to build genuine relationships built on mutual trust & respect
Successful management of senior stakeholders, resulting in strong and positive outcomes
Holistic skill set across various marketing growth drivers as well as a track record of delivering transformational business results
Comfort with dealing with ambiguity, complexity and working within a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and matrixed environment
A history of working across media, digital, experiential, PR, culture
Demonstrated brilliant execution to high standards across various pillars of brand building
Deep personal accountability for great performance
Strong commercial and numerical acumen with attention to detail
Experience working across multiple countries/geographies
Worker Type :
Regular
Primary Location:
Amsterdam
Additional Locations :
Hamburg
Job Posting Start Date :
2021-02-05-08:00",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=7bd7f26959a589db&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6ed2d74ef6e07329&assa=3573,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7bd7f26959a589db&fccid=942d238ea16c5cd0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,commercial services,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,G,0.43134535367545074,0.5686546463245492,0.340940612785273,0.6591854747194553,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
24,social worker,Indeed,p_abf1d7b285eb6715,Strategic Sales Development Representative | BNL,Jamf, Amsterdam Zuid,"Who we are:
Jamf, the standard for Apple in the enterprise, extends the legendary Apple experience people love to businesses, schools, and government organizations by simplifying Mac, iPad, iPhone and Apple TV deployment, management and security — anytime, anywhere.


We are a group of curious, self-starters with a passion for helping people make sense of technology – freeing nurses to care, teachers to teach and businesses to thrive. We take pride in making meaningful impact for tens of thousands of customers around the globe, all the while getting to work with the best Apple infrastructure and security platform in the world. We have over 1,300 employees worldwide with offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. To learn more visit: https://www.jamf.com/careers.


What you’ll do at Jamf:
At Jamf, we empower people to be their best selves and do their best work. You will help prospects understand how they can make the management of their Apple devices robust and easy. You will be developing leads through social media, e-mail, web-conferencing, webinars, seminars and phone to assist with building the key account pipeline. Once you have found a qualified opportunity, you will pass it on to the Field Sales team. You will have a close working relationship with this team, as well as with our Marketing team. As a member of the Jamf family, you will contribute to our high energy, collaborative and fun environment.


Who you are:

You have an outgoing, can-do attitude, and hunter mentality
You are a great listener and effective communicator
You enjoy taking initiatives and trying new things
You are determined and resilient, with a result driven and competitive mindset
You have interest for technology and would like to be part of a fast-growing company
You are a collaborative team player who is always looking to learn and improve
You enjoy making other people successful (Selflessness)
You are able to simplify ideas in an easy to understand, non-technical manner
You are well organised and can juggle several simultaneous priorities
You can build meaningful relationships and have good business acumen
You are able to tailor your message based on the customer’s role, goals and challenges (value selling)
You create an environment where all job responsibilities are in alignment with the core values (Selflessness & Relentless Self-improvement), mission and purpose of the organization
You foster a workplace with the highest moral, ethical and legal standards to deliver an environment that promotes respect, innovation and creativity
You model a positive and inclusive workplace, one in which the talents and strengths of our increasingly diverse workforce are welcomed, further developed, and manifested in our work

Education: Bachelor's degree preferred
Professional working proficiency in English required
Professional working proficiency in Dutch also required
2+ years’ experience in a sales, business or entrepreneurial role is required
Salesforce or other CRM related systems and integrations experience is a plus
Successful track record of building outbound sales campaigns and opportunities is a plus
Ability to collaborate effectively with dynamic co-workers in a result driven culture
Ability to work independently and coordinate well with other team members that are remote
Travel: 10-25%


How we help you reach your best potential:

We are progressive, but laid back. You are free to be you and work how you work best. Here, you manage your own day and your own work style.
Our people are what make us great, and we protect our people. Jamfs across the globe receive a superior compensation and benefits package.
Everyone has a voice and everyone can make a difference, our more than 90% employee retention rate agrees!
Opportunity to make a real and meaningful impact for more than 38,000 global customers with the best Apple device management solution in the world.
We put people over profits – which is why our customers keep coming back to us.
24 of 25 world’s most valuable brands rely on Jamf to do their best work (as ranked by Forbes).
Over 100,000 Jamf Nation users, the largest online IT community in the world.


You are the right kind of Jamf if:
You go above and beyond for others, genuine and willing to help, always. You support the team around you, you don’t point fingers or pass blame. You take responsibility for your actions, are open, and respect others. You value different perspectives, in how you work and how you learn. You are naturally inquisitive, like to create and be creative. You are a problem solver, curious and resourceful, self-driven and constantly improving. You roll up your sleeves and dig in. You are excited by not knowing what may lie ahead. You are willing to take risks, try new things, even fail just to do it better next time. You’re not a jerk. You put people first. You are a good person, someone who just wants to do the right thing.


Why Jamf?
Our mission is simple; we help organizations succeed with Apple. At Jamf, we put people first. We focus on the human before we focus on the technology. We are just good people that have it at their core to do what’s right – for our customers, our employees and our communities.


Get social with us: Instagram, LinkedIn, & Facebook
Follow the conversation at #onejamf",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=abf1d7b285eb6715&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=531972feee16ffbd&assa=4938,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=abf1d7b285eb6715&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
25,social worker,Indeed,p_3831172e269b01b1,"Health, Safety & Environmental Specialist",Kingfish Zeeland, Amsterdam,"What will you do?
In this role you will be responsible for the planning, development, implementation and coordination of health, safety, and environmental programs at our plant in Zeeland to prevent, reduce and eliminate occupational injuries, accidents and health problems in the workplace. Our aim is to achieve Zero Harm to our people and to the environment. Your goal is to build a culture of health & safety and embedding environmental responsibility through the creation and implementation of policies and associated training. Furthermore you will ensure that our employees, external workers, visitors and customers align with these policies, practices, rules and regulations through close liaison across functions.
You will take a lead responsibility in the development and implementation of HSE Management to ensure compliance with local legislation, Kingfish standards and ‘Best Practice’. To achieve this, you give solicited and unsolicited advice to colleagues, external workers and customers as well as global management on health & safety issues.
How will you do it?
Analyzing the daily activities of the employees and the possible risks within the company.
Analyzing of injuries and incidents, their registration, followed-up by improvement actions.
Prepare, implement and update the RI&E / Risk assessment program.
Conduct induction training and safety tours in the workplace and be the contact point for employees on HSE matters.
Lead and supervise the HSE Committee.
Management and implementation of emergency response and company emergency plan.
Set up & supervise HSE audits
Create, implement and apply Kingfish HSE Policy and documents.
Set up safety training courses and provide training within the organization.
Collect HSE data and enter in system
Prepare reports for Management.
What are we looking for in you?
HBO level with 5+ years experience in a comparable role (in an industrial environment)
Bachelor HVK (hogere veiligheidskunde) is a plus
Knowledge of Health, Safety and Environment legislation.
Advanced verbal and written command of English language, Dutch language is preferable.
Be proactive, practical and communicative.
Good presenting-, convincing- and social skills.
Computer literate, self-starter and independent person.
Kingfish Zeeland
Kingfish operates on the basis of three core principles: sustainability, respect for our fish and the environment. These key principles are at the heart of our design, activity and technology decisions. We spare neither cost nor effort to ensure that our operations are safe and healthy for our customers, stress-free and humane for our fish, and have minimum impact on the surrounding nature. It is our vision to establish our position as market leader in the sustainable production of exceptional seafood. At Kingfish we share the passion to create an innovative and sustainable food system and you are encouraged to come up with ideas for improvement at all levels. You have unique insight into the product, processes, technology and clients. It’s in our nature to constantly evolve our product, processes and technology, to make use of our creativity, and improve the client experience of our product.

Our values are: Innovation, Ownership, Collaboration and Passion.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3831172e269b01b1&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ea81eb454427f3fe&assa=6042,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3831172e269b01b1&fccid=f8e455c9c1b71161&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,Yes,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
26,social worker,Indeed,p_dfced06798265172,Translation and Web Content Coordinator (maternity leave cover),Patagonia, Amsterdam,"Your role:
We’re in business to save our home planet. Your role will contribute to this mission by taking care of the translations needs and web marketing content production in alliance with external agencies and freelancers.
Key accountabilities:
TranslationCoordinate translations for our European key market languages, categories and across all marketing channels.Provide translations for any language needs.Create a translation calendar based on the yearly marketing calendar and provide to network of translators.Lead network of translators and provide them with guidelines.Oversee and manage translation software.Monitor and work within the budget related to this function.Driving quality of translations to ensure message is aligned with the ‘Patagonia way’
Brand Marketing Channel MerchandisingCoordinate translations for all Brand Marketing (PR, Advertising, Social Media) and Visual Merchandising (Retail, Partner, COOP, SIS).Work closely with marketing team to review source language (English) options and work with the translation vendors to make translation recommendations.
Web/marketing Content ProductionWork with the US web team and the EU marketing/enviro team to plan and coordinate site updates and web projects.Bring global and EU specific campaigns live in a meaningful way with optimized contentCoordinate the local Front-End Developers to adhere to timelines keep workload in control.Responsible for communication to stakeholders in relation to delivery.Perform QA (content and technical) on Patagonia.com/eu (all locals) and ensure accountable team(s) do the final testing before release.
E-shop Content ProductionSuggest changes and/or necessary content and web updates.Optimize seasonal and campaign content per consumer touchpointCoordinate product copy updates for EU throughout the year.Plan and coordinate seasonal online collection changes including QA.Oversee and coordinate SEO updates for EU.Strategically plan and drive production of E-com EU specific content based on seasonality, weather and inventory position, including copy needs.
Emails Production SupportSupport the design, production, and planning of EU emails.Perform QA on emails.Ensure that EU marketing team does the final email check in time leading to emails are sent as planned.
Pre-requisites:
In order to succeed in this role, it is expected that you will be/have:
Master’s Degree and/or educational background in translation and/or communication.3 years’ experience in leading translation and editing, preferably in the outdoor / sports industryExperience in e-com content coordination.Understanding of e-com, social media and web content platforms.Good writing skills and grammar knowledge.Attention to detail.Fluent Spoken and written English and one of the following languages: German, Italian, French.Organizational and project management skillsInternational and especially European experience preferable.Ability to work on own initiative.Strong linkage with the Patagonia business and mission statement.
Patagonia is committed to equal employment opportunities and diversity
Employee Conduct:
It is the responsibility of every employee to contribute to a positive work environment through cooperative and professional interactions with co-workers, customers and vendors.
Please make sure that your CV and cover letter are in English.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=dfced06798265172&fccid=69f06fb8b3355907&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
27,social worker,Indeed,p_e1a200aec12f5fba,Experienced Research Lead,Coperatieve Circle Economy UA, Amsterdam Oost,"Experienced Research Lead
At Circle Economy, we believe it is time for a new economic approach: the circular economy. We are a social enterprise with an international team that develops practical and scalable solutions to accelerate the adoption of the circular economy. We are growing rapidly both in the Netherlands and around the world through strategic partnerships with governments, cities, and businesses. We offer Circle Scans to businesses, cities and nations, drawing on deep expertise, including in the areas of textiles, the built environment, finance, circular design, and on jobs and skills in the circular economy.

We want to accelerate the transition toward a circular economy with actionable insights for nations, cities and businesses. We understand that as the circular economy gains global traction, it can be difficult to know where to begin, how to align sustainability commitments with commercial ones, how to know what social impacts circular strategies might have or how to track circular progress against set goals. We offer a range of Circle Scans grounded in scientific methodologies that translate complex data on energy and material flows into tangible decisions for your country, city or business. This involves developing insights, from identifying the sectors which require circular solutions to analysing how the circular transition may impact labour markets.

Your role in the Circle Economy team

As an experienced research lead, you will own, innovate and continuously improve the calculation methodologies and data modeling work across the organisation. While simultaneously building out the capabilities of the analysts team (of currently 2 analysts) within the organisation. On top of carrying out high quality analysis, you will help to innovate and develop new cutting-edge methodologies for understanding the impact of the circular economy. Externally you will collaborate with analysts and organisations to support this innovation process and expand the reach of our frameworks and methodologies. Internally, you will work in collaboration with analysts, researchers and project managers working across the organisation to support cities, nations and businesses understand the impact of circular strategies.

Who You Are

We are looking for a sharp and highly motivated research lead who can be the driving force behind conducting and developing cutting-edge quantitative analysis on an extremely relevant topic. You have the ability to work on both the micro and macro level, adapting your approach to the task at hand. You have experience both utilising and innovating quantitative research methods and a commitment to using analysis to drive action by decision makers.

On the content level, you have a clear understanding of and affinity with the circular economy, environmental sustainability and scientific research methods. You have a track record of applying research methods to complex social and environmental issues and eager to contribute your experience to driving the uptake of the circular economy by businesses, cities and nations.
You are practical, knowledgeable and skillful, and looking for a challenge to make an impact. You are passionate about environmental sustainability and social justice, and eager to lead a team conducting cutting-edge research, advisory and advocacy work. You want to get your hands dirty to create practical interventions to ensure a positive transition to the circular economy for work and workers.
Key Responsibilities and Duties

Carry out and contribute to quantitative research on the circular economy;
Provide coaching to and build the capacity and learning trajectories for junior analysts
Lead on and develop with the team a research and methodologies strategy for the organisation spanning the various quantitative approaches applied
Keep up to date with emerging research and methodologies in the field;
Work together with team Leads on the development and implementation of new and cutting-edge methodologies;
Contribute to publications or other written Circle Economy outputs;
Collect and organise stakeholder feedback and learning from projects to inform the continuous development of the methods used by the Circle Economy
Represent CE and present research deliverables at client and stakeholder meetings, including our internal scientific committee.
Skills and Competencies

Essential

You have 5+ years experience in applied economics, applied econometrics, industrial ecology, environmental engineering, ecological economics, or social sciences research, or preferably a combination of the disciplines;
You have deep and comprehensive expertise in key methods of environmental analysis (e.g. Material Flow Analysis, Life Cycle Analysis and Input-Output Analysis)
You are familiar with (or willing to learn) open source programming languages and quantitative analytical tools (e.g. Python and, R, SQLStata);
You are a trained quantitative researcher, and are eager to further develop these skills, while directly applying and valorising the knowledge in practice with programme stakeholders;
You are comfortable building relationships with external partners and stakeholders;
You have excellent written and spoken communication skills in English;
You are knowledgeable and have an active interest in the circular economy, and environmental sustainability more widely, and would love to contribute your skills and knowledge to accelerate the transition towards a sustainable future;
You have a hands-on mentality; the success of this programme lies in its impact.
You have experience in the coaching and management of colleagues

Desirable:

You have numerical modelling skills
Experience with machine learning approaches;
You have experience contributing to academic or non-academic publications.
Our Culture

We are a team of 45+ driven and ambitious professionals, coming from diverse backgrounds and from more than 20 different countries, sharing the belief that the circular economy creates prosperity for all. We work in a lively and dynamic atmosphere in our open office space right in the heart of Amsterdam. At Circle Economy, we have a culture of getting things done while having fun, and apart from friendly and open team dynamics, you can expect a drink in your hand every other Friday by 4pm.
Our Values

As a team we have guiding principles that define our mindsets and are inherent in the way we work each day, especially in the way we treat each other and others. Our values are a compass to guide our culture internally and shape our impact externally, they further our greater mission and don’t impose ideology but enable ideas.

Focus on Impact - Time is short, boundaries set, efforts need to be focused, brave and relentless. We are actively at work to make a positive difference, bringing benefit to others, doing good and doing it well, each one of us in their own function
Resources Consciousness - The potential of our people is unlimited, but resources should be safeguarded. We make the most of others’ time, money, energy and spirit, with efficiency and effectiveness, without abusing these valuable resources
Diversity - We need it, to pursue a world of richness, where potential can be expressed to its fullest, and in complete fairness, by all. We embrace diversity, with openness, fairness, and the enthusiasm of knowing that diversity is where jewels hide
Safety - collaborating where vulnerability, mistakes, and even tough confrontation, are openly accepted and embraced, without compromising safe relationships, safe boundaries and a safe job
Collaboration - Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success: we want to be there for others, in good and bad times, working together, hand in hand, beyond role and bias, to get the work done
Recognition - Sometimes we have to recognise great successes, other times great efforts followed by great failures. Recognition helps us move up the line from good intentions to good results.
Support - Relationships, when created on the basis of respect and trust, allow us to thrive. When we are encouraged and our actions championed by another, this kind of support ensures choices and decisions are made without consequences as a condition. We foster an environment of encouragement and a trusting place to return to in more difficult moments.
What we offer you

For this role, we are offering an initial 1-year contract for 36 to 40 hours per week. We offer an awesome challenge for a passionate person that loves to learn continuously and take up responsibilities in a vibrant and talented team. Salary is competitive, keeping in mind we are a non-profit, startup organisation, based in Amsterdam. To apply please respond with your CV and a motivation letter. Applications will be closed on Sunday 7 March 2021.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1a200aec12f5fba&fccid=7374bef6097c4e07&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
28,social worker,Indeed,p_0f27cbad1e10388f,Senior International Graphic Designer | EMEIA,Jamf, Amsterdam Zuid,"Who we are:
Jamf, the standard for Apple in the enterprise, extends the legendary Apple experience people love to businesses, schools, and government organizations by simplifying Mac, iPad, iPhone and Apple TV deployment, management and security — anytime, anywhere.


We are a group of curious, self-starters with a passion for helping people make sense of technology – freeing nurses to care, teachers to teach and businesses to thrive. We take pride in making meaningful impact for tens of thousands of customers around the globe, all the while getting to work with the best Apple infrastructure and security platform in the world. We have over 1,300 employees worldwide with offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. To learn more visit: https://www.jamf.com/careers.


What you’ll do at Jamf:
At Jamf, we empower people to be their best selves and do their best work. Jamf is seeking a Senior Graphic Designer to help expand its International Marketing team. Reporting to the Manager of Creative Direction and Brand, this person is responsible for ushering projects through the design lifecycle, producing digital and print content that will extend Jamf’s presence globally. This individual will couple marketing strategies with graphic design tactics and add value to region-specific business objectives.

Responsibilities

Internal graphic design service provider with an understanding of branding and corporate identity
Work with international marketing team members to concept, develop, design and produce compelling localized marketing assets such as case studies, infographics, white papers, e-books, email marketing assets, presentations and sales enablement materials
Collaborate cross-team to ensure branding consistently across multiple content and media types
Project manage deliverables, communicating regularly on the status of projects and making edits as directed or needed
Source and manage agencies and print and promotional vendors as needed, preparation of files for vendors

4-year / Bachelor’s Degree (Required)
A combination of relevant experience and education may be considered
Strong communication and organization skills
Ability to interact effectively with co-workers in a results-driven culture
Willingness to adapt in a dynamic work environment
Ability to handle multiple projects in a fast-paced, deadline-driven team environment
Ability to work in collaboration with multiple teams
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Proactive, self-starter, creative, resourceful, reliable, detail-oriented
Proven design skills, including strengths in page layout, typography and photo curation
Working knowledge of current graphic design best practices, trends and tools.
Experience with Apple operating systems


How we help you reach your best potential:

We are progressive, but laid back. You are free to be you and work how you work best. Here, you manage your own day and your own work style.
Our people are what make us great, and we protect our people. Jamfs across the globe receive a superior compensation and benefits package.
Everyone has a voice and everyone can make a difference, our more than 90% employee retention rate agrees!
Opportunity to make a real and meaningful impact for more than 38,000 global customers with the best Apple device management solution in the world.
We put people over profits – which is why our customers keep coming back to us.
Ability to support and give back to your community through volunteer paid time off.
We embrace all perspectives. Our employee led I&D groups encourage employees to make real, actionable differences here at Jamf.
Ability to grow in your professional career through advancement opportunities, including tuition reimbursement for those obtaining a degree.
24 of 25 world’s most valuable brands rely on Jamf to do their best work (as ranked by Forbes).
Over 100,000 Jamf Nation users, the largest online IT community in the world.


You are the right kind of Jamf if:
You go above and beyond for others, genuine and willing to help, always. You support the team around you, you don’t point fingers or pass blame. You take responsibility for your actions, are open, and respect others. You value different perspectives, in how you work and how you learn. You are naturally inquisitive, like to create and be creative. You are a problem solver, curious and resourceful, self-driven and constantly improving. You roll up your sleeves and dig in. You are excited by not knowing what may lie ahead. You are willing to take risks, try new things, even fail just to do it better next time. You’re not a jerk. You put people first. You are a good person, someone who just wants to do the right thing.


Why Jamf?
Our mission is simple; we help organizations succeed with Apple. At Jamf, we put people first. We focus on the human before we focus on the technology. We are just good people that have it at their core to do what’s right – for our customers, our employees and our communities.


Get social with us: Instagram, LinkedIn, & Facebook

Follow the conversation at #onejamf",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=0f27cbad1e10388f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a8009452fcb2d618&assa=4787,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0f27cbad1e10388f&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
29,social worker,Indeed,p_c0decc0d5f30aa70,Social Media Marketer for the DACH region based in Amsterdam,International People Solutions, Amsterdam,"Job description
You will be responsible for all global social media campaigns for advertisers in the DACH region with the focus on creating long term and profitable relationships.
Requirements
Minimum 1 year of social media or performance marketing experience (campaigns)
Copywriting skills —>>HUGE +
Hard worker with ‘can do’ mentality
Creative and analytical
Team player
Fluent in English
Based in NL
Business level German
Benefits
Great package
Team bonus and company bonus
Flexible working hours
International travel to tradeshows (one things are back to normal)
Travel allowance
Tools of trade
The best pension plan in town
25 holidays + 8 % holiday allowance
Fresh/free lunch
State of the art office including gaming rooms, table football, ping pong etc
Flat culture",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c0decc0d5f30aa70&fccid=f3dfbb384d21cc73&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
30,social worker,Indeed,p_e1dbe9dcc93b07ec,Consultants Mozambique,Aflatoun, Amsterdam,"TERMS OF REFERENCE
Research Institute / Consultants to conduct a Randomised Control Trial and qualitative analysis on the Aflateen+ Life Skills and Financial Education programme in Mozambique

From: Aflatoun International, Amsterdam

When: January 2021 – August 2023. The candidate should be available in February – April 2021 and December 2022 – February 2023.
Deadline for submitting proposals: Monday 25 January 2021


Background

Aflatoun International is a non-profit organization, which offers social and financial education to children and young people worldwide, empowering them to make a positive change for a more equitable world. Aflatoun creates high-quality curricula, for different age groups, which are contextualized to local needs and specific circumstances. In 2019, Aflatoun reached 10.5 million children in 108 countries through over 345 partner organizations.
Aflatoun programs inspire children to discover their talents and put them to use, to stand up for their rights and those of their communities, to play games, and to solve problems. They learn how to save, how to budget, and how to set up social and financial enterprises that benefit themselves, their families, and their communities.
Aflatoun has been identified as a best in practice organisation by The Brookings Institution in the report 'Can We Leapfrog? The Potential of Education Innovations to Rapidly Accelerate Progress’. The report presents a forward path in global education by examining the possibility of using innovations to ‘leapfrog’, rapidly accelerating educational progress to ensure that all young people develop the skills they need to thrive in a fast-changing world. Additionally, in 2019, HundrED Connect officially recognized Aflatoun as one of top 5 Spotlight Innovators for its work on financial education. HundrED Connect is an initiative that aims to improve education and inspire a movement by encouraging pedagogically sound and ambitious innovations to spread across the world. Aflatoun was also selected as an official Vanguard Member of the Million Lives Club, which celebrates innovators and social entrepreneurs who are reaching new horizons of impact and improving the lives of those living on less than $5 a day, and who have already scaled to serve at least 1,000,000 people.


Project information

While significant progress has been made towards universal primary school attendance, the reality is that a third (34%) of children of lower secondary school age (12-14 years) and more than half (58%) of 15 to 17-year-olds in sub-Saharan Africa are not in school. Hence, majority of those who should be acquiring the skills to prepare them for the job market, or move into further education, are not in the classroom, making it less likely that they will have a positive impact on their countries’ development.
Improving youth’s future prospects for decent work helps break the intergenerational cycle of poverty and is beneficial for entire communities. To do so, it is crucial that adolescents understand money, resources and the markets that increasingly affect them, as they become consumers, workers and active citizens. This greatly improves their prospects for the future, as it prepares young people for a complex and turbulent job market.

this context, Aflatoun will roll out its Aflateen+ programme in Mozambique through its partnership with implementing organization Wona Sanana (WS).
Wona Sanana (WS) is a Mozambique-based organization dedicated to Child Protection and Education through providing technical assistance to local actors focusing on youth and education, and through advocating for the involvement of government agencies to ensure inclusive education and child protection policies.
Aflateen+ is a comprehensive educational programme to transform the lives of adolescent girls and boys aged 14-19 through social and financial education, and entrepreneurship with a gender lens. The programme’s biggest strength is its flexibility to adapt to the local needs of the girls and boys, while offering a variety of lessons on life skills, sexual and reproductive health and rights, and financial empowerment. Throughout the lessons, the connection between gender equality and economic prosperity is emphasized. The project’s overall objective is
To socially and economically empower young girls and boys (ages of 14 to 19) in Mozambique by providing them with the social and financial skills necessary to make informed choices about their health, financial situation, and education.


Impact assessment

To assess the impact of the Aflateen+ programme on adolescent girls and boys in Mozambique, this research will use a mixed-method approach, with a heavy quantitative component. The study will collect and evaluate quantitative data through a Randomised Controlled Trial (RCT) and qualitative data from e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions.
The main question of the research is: What is the effect of the Aflateen+ programme among participants of the Aflateen+ programme, relative to the representative control sample in Mozambique?
Since the project runs over three years, we aim to not only measure knowledge, awareness and attitudes of adolescent girls and boys, but also assess the impact of the programme on SDG outcome and impact indicators like school retention/attendance/drop-out, teenage pregnancy, gender based violence, and HIV-risk behaviour.


Capacity assessment

In order to assess the effectiveness of the capacity building component of the project, the research will include two tools assessing the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators.
Adding to that, as a follow up to the training of teachers, weekly push messages will be sent to the teachers or trainers via SMS or social media platforms. These messages may be questions or surveys on the progress of Aflateen+ activities. Additionally, micro content that reinforces learning, or guides teaching activities will be shared.
The evidence generated through this study will assist in regional advocacy and Aflatoun’s engagement with regional bodies like SADC and the African Union, which will contribute to our efforts towards education system change.


Experience requirements
Research institute/consultants should have:
1. Experience conducting Random Control Trials;

2. Extensive experience with leading a team of researchers and data enumerators incl. training of data enumerators on the use of evaluation tools;
3. Extensive experience in survey development and contextualisation;
4. Experience with statistical analyses using statistical software such as STATA or R;
5. Experience developing and contextualising qualitative evaluation tools e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions;
6. Experience with collecting qualitative data and qualitative analyses;
7. Experience with writing quantitative and qualitative evaluation and capacity assessment reports.


Skill requirements
1. Fluency in English;

2. Fluency in Portuguese
3. Master’s degree or PhD in a relevant field (e.g. Development Economics, Social Sciences, M&E);
4. Contextual knowledge of Mozambique.


Scope of the assignment
Research institute/consultants agrees to:
1. Liaise with implementing partner to understand implementation design;
2. Attend the training of teachers to understand programme methodologies and content;
3. Execute the randomisation based on a list of schools/informal centers provided by implementing partner;
4. Write an inception report with the proposed research design, sample size, effect size calculation, randomization, and work plan;
5. Contextualize the quantitative and qualitative tools based on the already developed Aflateen+ survey and Most Significant Change guidelines;
6. Develop a simple monitoring tool to track programme attendance to be used by teachers;
7. Develop two tools to assess the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
8. Procure ethical approvals from Independent Review Boards before commencing data collection activities;
9. Test the internal validity of the developed evaluation tools in a pilot phase, report results and provide recommendations and integrate those for tool improvement;
10. Recruit and train data enumerators on the use of the contextualised evaluation tools;
11. Collect quantitative and qualitative data from a minimum of 30 treatment and 30 control schools;
12. Collect data on the capacity of the trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
13. Import all the quantitative data into statistical software and analyse the quantitative and qualitative data;
14. Write a high quality baseline and endline report with the impact and capacity assessment results and recommendations.


Timeline
Research institute/consultants agree to work within the following timeline:
1. Contracted should be available to prepare for the job starting in the last week of January 2021 in Mozambique
a. Preparation visits/meetings to organise the impact and capacity assessment
b. Inception phase
2. Throughout the rest of the time the contracted will work on collecting quantitative and qualitative data, analyses and report writing.
a. The baseline takes place in February 2021
b. The endline takes place in December 2022

Payment

The budget for this assignment is 60.000 EUR and the payment schedule is as follows:
30% upon approval of the inception report20% upon approval of the baseline report30% upon completion of the endline data collection and receipt of the data file20% upon approval of the endline report


Submission and questions
Submit any questions and proposals by email to:
Livia Remeijers. E-mail: livia@aflatoun.org


Bid for research institute / consultant services
Interested candidates must include the following:
a. Technical proposal including experience conducting RCTs;
b. Detailed financial proposal including daily rates of all team members and activities (incl. VAT);
c. Curriculum Vitaes of all team members who will be involved, clearly stating their role;
d. At least three references.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e1dbe9dcc93b07ec&fccid=427632dad26793b5&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
31,social worker,Indeed,p_32658f03ab19d02b,Postdoc RvO - Bio-purification of plant proteins,Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, AmsterdamZuidoost,"Are you passionate about microbial physiology and applying it to sustainable food production from plant proteins in an interdisciplinary team consisting of three academic and six industrial partners? Then apply for this PostDoc position at the VU-Amsterdam


Location: AMSTERDAM

FTE: 0.7 - 1
Job description
Efforts to decrease the carbon footprint of current food production systems include replacement of animal proteins by plant derived proteins. One of the challenges in this field is that plant proteins often contain undesired molecules that can negatively impact digestibility or the taste of plant proteins (so called anti-nutritional factors). Within this project we would like to optimize the activity of microbial cells that degrade and metabolize undesired molecules and thereby improve the quality of various plant proteins. This will be done through optimization of fermentation conditions in combination with experimental evolution of selected strains.

This project is funded by TKI and carried out in collaboration with three academic and six industrial partners. This particular position will work closely together with scientists from NIZO food research, Ede.



Your duties
identify approaches for protein bio-purification from literature
experimental optimization of fermentative degradation of anti-nutritional factors using diverse microbial species
analysis and interpretation of high throughput growth and metabolite data
coordinate activities with other knowledge institutions involved
presentation of results in regular meetings with industry
supervision of bachelor and master students
writing of scientific reports/publications
Requirements
PhD degree in microbiology, biotechnology or similar
excellent understanding of microbial metabolism
at least 4 years experience in a microbiological laboratory
affinity with application-oriented research
team worker with excellent communication skills
What are we offering?
A challenging position in a socially involved organization. On full-time basis the remuneration amounts to a minimum gross monthly salary of €2,794 (scale 10)

and a maximum €4,402 (scale 10), depending on your education and experience. The job profile: is based on the university job ranking system and is vacant for at least 0.7 FTE.


The employment contract will affect a period of 13 months based on a full time employment.

Additionally, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam offers excellent fringe benefits and various schemes and regulations to promote a good work/life balance, such as:
a maximum of 41 days of annual leave based on full-time employment
8% holiday allowance and 8.3% end-of-year bonus
solid pension scheme (ABP)
a wide range of sports facilities which staff may use at a modest charge
discounts on collective insurances (healthcare- and car insurance)

About Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
The ambition of Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is clear: to contribute to a better world through outstanding education and ground-breaking research. We strive to be a university where personal development and commitment to society play a leading role. A university where people from different disciplines and backgrounds collaborate to achieve innovations and to generate new knowledge. Our teaching and research encompass the entire spectrum of academic endeavour – from the humanities, the social sciences and the natural sciences through to the life sciences and the medical sciences.


Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam is home to more than 26,000 students. We employ over 4,600 individuals. The VU campus is easily accessible and located in the heart of Amsterdam’s Zuidas district, a truly inspiring environment for teaching and research.


Diversity

We are an inclusive university community. Diversity is one of our most important values. We believe that engaging in international activities and welcoming students and staff from a wide variety of backgrounds enhances the quality of our education and research. We are always looking for people who can enrich our world with their own unique perspectives and experiences.


The Faculty of Science

The Faculty of Science inspires researchers and students to find sustainable solutions for complex societal issues. From forest fires to big data, from obesity to medicines and from molecules to the moon: our teaching and research programmes cover the full spectrum of the natural sciences. We share knowledge and experience with leading research institutes and industries, both here in the Netherlands and abroad.


Working at the Faculty of Science means working with students, PhD candidates and researchers, all with a clear focus on their field and a broad view of the world. We employ more than 1,250 staff members, and we are home to around 6,000 students.


Application
Are you interested in this position? Please apply via the application button and upload your curriculum vitae and cover letter until 15 February 2021.


Applications received by e-mail will not be processed.


Vacancy questions

If you have any questions regarding this vacancy, you may contact:


Name: dr. Herwig Bachmann

Position: Project leader

E-mail: h.bachmann@vu.nl


No agencies",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=32658f03ab19d02b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=de369e6b810029dc&assa=9465,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=32658f03ab19d02b&fccid=7fcd0afcba4c0099&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
32,social worker,Indeed,p_fa09d35effab434a,PhD Wind Energy Vortex Generators in 3D Unsteady Flows (VoGUe) | Petten,TNO, Petten,"What will you be doing?
You will be employed at TNO as a PhD researcher and enrolled as a PhD student at the Delft University of Technology. As a PhD student you are supervised by research staff at TNO and academic staff at TU Delft. You will have the opportunity to collaborate on the technologically challenging projects of the Wind Energy research group at TNO and be part of the Department of Aerodynamics, Wind Energy and Propulsion of the Faculty of Aerospace Engineering of the TU Delft. You will also be part of the Graduate School of the TU Delft.

The quest for robust and higher power output at reduced costs per offshore wind turbine drives the design towards increasingly larger rotor diameters that have positive influence on the usage of the electrical grid (by larger capacity factor) and wind farm power production. To counter the increased mechanical loading in extreme off-design conditions these increasingly larger rotors have relatively small solidity. The much slender rotors therefore have to be equipped with thicker rotor blades. The drawback of thicker blade sections is their use is accompanied with large uncertainties in performance. This is motivating the application of vortex generators (VG) and thick trailing edges.

VGs are commonly used on wind turbine blades to avoid early separation of flow which helps not only to increase the lift but also delays the stall leading to increased blade robustness. Delaying the stall angle of wind turbine blades will allow for operation over larger range of angle of attacks and thus increase power production from wind turbines. Although effects of VGs are studied by various researchers a model depicting the effects of these devices in an aerodynamic design tool is important to design state of the art airfoil sections/wind turbine blades. Furthermore, this project aims to investigate and model the effects of VGs in unsteady flow conditions, which is a challenging new research topic.

In this project we will approximate the effects of the VGs on the 2-D unsteady boundary layers so that it can be modelled as additional mixing in the fast and accurate aerodynamic design tools based on integral boundary layer equations (e.g. RFoil). The presence of a new shear layer will lead to additional viscous dissipation and affect the wall shear stress. To model these effects, new terms are introduced into the integral boundary layer equations to account for the extra mass and momentum flux and turbulence production. Both TNO and TUDelft have developed preliminary models to account for these effects and these models will be integrated.

About TNO
TNO is an independent research organisation that functions as a bridge between the worlds of academia and industry, and the public sector. TNO has around 3,500 employees working within nine domains for a wide range of clients, such as government agencies, the SME sector, civil society organisations, larger companies and service providers. We aim to translate research findings into straightforward applications and innovations to solve the challenges the world will encounter the day after tomorrow. We take the time to think calmly and thoroughly about issues and, once a project has been completed, we continue our search for tools, models and recommendations that will benefit our clients and society as a whole in the future.
Read more about TNO as an employer
What do we require of you?
You have a good set of brains, a passion for renewable energy in general and wind energy in particular, and great social skills. After all, you will always be working with others, as part of project teams or larger consortiums to solve societal issues. You don’t have to know everything about the entire field (although we wouldn’t mind it if you did). The most important thing is that you have a broad interest in applied scientific research and a passion for wind energy and similar topics. You’re also not afraid to get out of your comfort zone and are eager to develop further.

Other qualifications we’re looking for:
An MSc degree in Aerospace Engineering from a well-established university, or an MSc degree in related engineering disciplines such as applied physics, applied mathematics, or mechanical engineering with a proven experience (courses, projects, work experience) in the field of computational fluid mechanics.
A combination of good mathematical/analytical skills and a strong interest in high-fidelity numerical simulations is required.
Experience with CFD methods (such as SU2, OpenFOAM) is preferred.
Proven experience with such simulations and related data processing is advantageous for this position.
Since an important part of research work is dissemination and collaboration, fluent communication skills, both written and orally, in English are of utmost importance.
Female scientists are particularly encouraged to apply.
The research will start with a literature survey on the vortex generators (VGs) and modelling concepts for the higher and lower fidelity methods including the mathematical model developed by TNO. Previous experimental study and numerical (CFD) simulations will give an insight about the VGs and the model.

As a next main task CFD simulations (with an open source tool, e.g. SU2, OpenFOAM) will be performed on airfoil sections with and without VGs to construct the model data and the extend the original model. The first milestone will be implementing the steady VG model in RFOIL. This study will be supported by experimental data provided by partners of the project. The experiments will also contain information about unsteady flow conditions. The effect of these unsteady flow conditions in combination of VGs will be evaluated. A new set of innovative airfoil sections will be designed in various thicknesses that are optimized for VGs and thick trailing edges.

As the final main task of the research the PhD student will investigate the existing BAY VG model(s) as implemented in the open source CFD tools (e.g. OpenFOAM) and improve this model for the unsteady flow conditions. In order to see the effects of the VGs on the 3D flow, numerical simulations will be performed for relevant Reynolds numbers both with the BAY model and body fitted mesh. The unsteady velocity field will be analysed to get a better insight of the flow field. A new innovative blade will be designed including the effects of vortex generators. In the blade design the airfoil sections designed previously will be used.

References
1. https://doi.org/10.1002/we.2191
2. https://doi.org/10.2514/6.2019-0803
3. https://doi.org/10.4233/uuid:99b15acb-e25e-4cd9-8541-1e4056c1baed
4. https://doi.org/10.2514/1.C033788
5. https://doi.org/10.1002/we.2204

View Marcelien Bos-de Koning's vlog about wind energy at the North Sea.
What can you expect of your work situation?
Within TNO, you’ll be part of the Wind Energy research group, which is part of the Unit Energy Transition. You’ll work with leading researchers who’ve been active in the field for years, as well as with co-workers with a fresh, enterprising take on things. It’s a highly diverse and social bunch, from many different countries and backgrounds, who will make you feel right at home. Our Wind Energy team is renowned worldwide for its research into wind energy, and you may have heard us referred to as ECN. Our testing facilities and the research objects you'll come into contact with are truly unique, such as the 260 metre high Haliade-X wind turbine in Rotterdam, or the Lelystad-based smart energy field lab. You’ll spend most of your time at our research facility along the Dutch coast in Petten, near Alkmaar. We’re also currently in the process of opening a new facility in Delft, which thus may end up being your home in near future. Furthermore due to the cooperation, the main office of the PhD student will be in TNO, Petten. Student is expected to visit TU Delft regularly.
Read more about the Wind Energy research group
Look at the TNO Wind Energy video

Research facilities and information about TU Delft Faculty of Aerospace Engineering
The faculty of Aerospace Engineering at Delft University of Technology is one of the world's largest faculties devoted entirely to aerospace engineering. In the Netherlands, it is the only research and education institute directly related to the aerospace engineering sector. It covers the whole spectrum of aerospace engineering subjects. In aeronautics, the faculty covers subjects ranging from aerodynamics and flight propulsion to structures and materials and from control and simulation to air transport and operations. In astronautics, topics include astrodynamics, space missions and space systems engineering. The faculty has around 2,500 BSc and MSc students, 225 PhD candidates and 30 professors supported by scientific and technical staff.

The position will embedded in the Department of Aerodynamics, Wind Energy and Flight Performance and Propulsion (AWEP), one of four departments composing Aerospace Engineering. Fundamental aerodynamic research is performed in the Aerodynamics section. The aerodynamics of wind turbines and wind farms is a key research area in the Wind Energy section. The department operates comprehensive laboratories, equipped with modern wind tunnels and state-of-the-art measurement systems.

The Wind Energy Section facilitates the development of wind energy technology and the expansion of the use of wind power through research and education. In its research activities there is a focus on large multi megawatt offshore wind turbines and offshore wind farms, though urban and airborne wind power is also addressed. Both technology development aspects as well as fundamental aspects are present in the research program.
Information about the TUD Faculty of Aerospace Engineering
What can TNO offer you?
We offer you work that is both challenging and diverse, as well as plenty of opportunities for personal development; you’ll be largely in charge of your own career. In addition to a gross monthly salary of € 2880,00, holiday pay and a thirteenth month salary, you’ll get every opportunity to develop further and explore your professional field in-depth and become a scientific specialist or continue on into alternative career paths towards for example the role of project leader. TNO also allows you to pick and choose from a ‘menu’ of employee benefits in line with your personal situation. Here are some more benefits to consider:
The prospect of a fixed contract if all goes well after the 4 years of PhD ship.28 days of annual leave and 5 days of reduced working hours (based on a full-time contract).Flexible working hours and the option of working from home.The option of participating in training courses or additional schooling, and visiting conferences.Access to our Talent Development Programme and personal coaching.Networking opportunities.A travel allowance or a bicycle on loan.Fun outings and activities, such as monthly drinks events, with your team and colleagues at your workplace, as well as other TNO facilities. These events will quickly help you get to know lots of people.An incredibly professional, inspiring work environment, with colleagues who are the top experts in their respective fields.A sound retirement plan.Comprehensive relocation package for international applicants.The PhD candidates will be working partly at TNO and at the Delft University of Technology.
Read all about the many employee benefits to choose from.
Application process
Your PhD research will be guided by TNO and TU Delft. That means that the successful PhD candidate will be an employee of the Wind Energy Group at TNO and work under the guidance of Dr. Huseyin Ozdemir and supervision of Prof.Dr.ir. Carlos Ferreira at the TU Delft University.

For more information about this position, please contact:
Supervisor at TNO - Dr. Huseyin Ozdemir, phone: +31 (0)625714368, email: huseyin.ozdemir@tno.nl
Mentor at the TU Delft University - Prof.Dr.ir. Carlos Ferreira, phone: +31 (0)15-2782073, e-mail: c.j.simaoferreira@tudelft.nl

We are accepting applications until March 14th 2021. The application process will consist of two selection interviews, followed by a third and final interview to discuss your employee benefits. An online assessment, reference check and final presentation can be part of the selection procedure.

Due to the measures that have been implemented to combat Covid-19, the application process and on-boarding for new employees have been modified. More information regarding these matters will be included in the invite for a first interview.
Has this vacancy sparked your interest?
We look forward to receiving your application! For more information about the position or the application process, please feel free to contact us.
Recruiter: Paul Verschoor
Mobile phone: +31 (0)6-29236794
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulverschoor/
Hiring manager: Marc Langelaar
Phone number: +31 (0)88-86 63060


Note that applications via email and third party applications are not taken into consideration.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fa09d35effab434a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=95e568d6404ff0f4&assa=4446,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fa09d35effab434a&fccid=ea11de2ae4cd5abc&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
33,social worker,Indeed,p_fa25ba2fe654a64d,Consultants Cote D'Ivoire,Aflatoun, Amsterdam,"TERMS OF REFERENCE
Research Institute / Consultants to conduct a Randomised Control Trial and qualitative analysis on the Aflateen+ Life Skills and Financial Education programme in Côte d'Ivoire

From: Aflatoun International, Amsterdam

When: January 2021 – August 2023. The candidate should be available in February –April 2021 and December 2022 – February 2023.
Deadline for submitting proposals: Monday 25 January 2021


Background

Aflatoun International is a non-profit organization, which offers social and financial education to children and young people worldwide, empowering them to make a positive change for a more equitable world. Aflatoun creates high-quality curricula, for different age groups, which are contextualized to local needs and specific circumstances. In 2019, Aflatoun reached 10.5 million children in 108 countries through over 345 partner organizations.
Aflatoun programs inspire children to discover their talents and put them to use, to stand up for their rights and those of their communities, to play games, and to solve problems. They learn how to save, how to budget, and how to set up social and financial enterprises that benefit themselves, their families, and their communities.
Aflatoun has been identified as a best in practice organisation by The Brookings Institution in the report 'Can We Leapfrog? The Potential of Education Innovations to Rapidly Accelerate Progress’. The report presents a forward path in global education by examining the possibility of using innovations to ‘leapfrog’, rapidly accelerating educational progress to ensure that all young people develop the skills they need to thrive in a fast-changing world. Additionally, in 2019, HundrED Connect officially recognized Aflatoun as one of top 5 Spotlight Innovators for its work on financial education. HundrED Connect is an initiative that aims to improve education and inspire a movement by encouraging pedagogically sound and ambitious innovations to spread across the world. Aflatoun was also selected as an official Vanguard Member of the Million Lives Club, which celebrates innovators and social entrepreneurs who are reaching new horizons of impact and improving the lives of those living on less than $5 a day, and who have already scaled to serve at least 1,000,000 people.


Project information
While significant progress has been made towards universal primary school attendance, the reality is that a third (34%) of children of lower secondary school age (12-14 years) and more than half (58%) of 15 to 17-year-olds in sub-Saharan Africa are not in school. Hence, majority of those who should be acquiring the skills to prepare them for the job market, or move into further education, are not in the classroom, making it less likely that they will have a positive impact on their countries’ development.
Improving youth’s future prospects for decent work helps break the intergenerational cycle of poverty and is beneficial for entire communities. To do so, it is crucial that adolescents understand money, resources and the markets that increasingly affect them, as they become consumers, workers and active citizens. This greatly improves their prospects for the future, as it prepares young people for a complex and turbulent job market.

In this light, Aflatoun will roll out its Aflateen+ programme in Côte d'Ivoire through its partnership with implementing organization Inades Formation.
Inades Formation is a Pan-African, non-profit organisation currently operating from field offices across 10 African countries. Their aim is to promote social and economic development of rural populations through stimulating and supporting development alternatives within rural communities. The organization conducts citizen-based advocacy work aimed at contributing towards the development of shared values for living together, rules of governance and policies for the common good.
Aflateen+ is a comprehensive educational programme to transform the lives of adolescent girls and boys aged 14-19 through social and financial education, and entrepreneurship with a gender lens. The programme’s biggest strength is its flexibility to adapt to the local needs of the girls and boys, while offering a variety of lessons on life skills, sexual and reproductive health and rights, and financial empowerment. Throughout the lessons, the connection between gender equality and economic prosperity is emphasized. The project’s overall objective is
To socially and economically empower young girls and boys (ages of 14 to 19) in Côte d'Ivoire by providing them with the social and financial skills necessary to make informed choices about their health, financial situation, and education.


Impact assessment

To assess the impact of the Aflateen+ programme on adolescent girls and boys in Côte d'Ivoire, this research will use a mixed-method approach, with a heavy quantitative component. The study will collect and evaluate quantitative data through a Randomised Controlled Trial (RCT) and qualitative data from e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions.
The main question of the research is: What is the effect of the Aflateen+ programme among participants of the Aflateen+ programme, relative to the representative control sample in Côte d'Ivoire?
Since the project runs over three years, we aim to not only measure knowledge, awareness and attitudes of adolescent girls and boys, but also assess the impact of the programme on SDG outcome and impact indicators like school retention/attendance/drop-out, teenage pregnancy, gender based violence, and HIV-risk behaviour.


Capacity assessment

In order to assess the effectiveness of the capacity building component of the project, the research will include two tools assessing the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators.
Adding to that, as a follow up to the training of teachers, weekly push messages will be sent to the teachers or trainers via SMS or social media platforms. These messages may be questions or surveys on the progress of Aflateen+ activities. Additionally, micro content that reinforces learning, or guides teaching activities will be shared.
The evidence generated through this study will assist in regional advocacy and Aflatoun’s engagement with regional bodies like SADC and the African Union, which will contribute to our efforts towards education system change.

Experience requirements
Research institute/consultants should have:
1. Experience conducting Random Control Trials;
2. Extensive experience with leading a team of researchers and data enumerators incl. training of data enumerators on the use of evaluation tools;
3. Extensive experience in survey development and contextualisation;
4. Experience with statistical analysis using statistical software such as STATA or R;
5. Experience developing and contextualising qualitative evaluation tools e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions;
6. Experience with collecting qualitative data and qualitative analysis;
7. Experience with writing quantitative and qualitative evaluation and capacity assessment reports.


Skill requirements
1. Fluency in English;
2. Fluency in French;
3. Master’s degree or PhD in a relevant field (e.g. Development Economics, Social Sciences, M&E);
4. Contextual knowledge of Côte d'Ivoire.


Scope of the assignment
Research institute/consultants agrees to:
1. Liaise with implementing partner to understand implementation design;
2. Attend the training of teachers to understand programme methodologies and content;
3. Execute the randomisation based on a list of schools/informal centers provided by implementing partner;
4. Write an inception report with the proposed research design, sample size, effect size calculation, randomization, and work plan;
5. Contextualize the quantitative and qualitative tools based on the already developed Aflateen+ survey and Most Significant Change guidelines;
6. Develop a simple monitoring tool to track programme attendance to be used by teachers;
7. Develop two tools to assess the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
8. Procure ethical approvals from Independent Review Boards before commencing data collection activities;
9. Test the internal validity of the developed evaluation tools in a pilot phase, report results and provide recommendations and integrate those for tool improvement;
10. Recruit and train data enumerators on the use of the contextualised evaluation tools;
11. Collect quantitative and qualitative data from a minimum of 30 treatment and 30 control schools;
12. Collect data on the capacity of the trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
13. Import all the quantitative data into statistical software and analyse the quantitative and qualitative data;
14. Write a high quality baseline and endline report with the impact and capacity assessment results and recommendations.


Timeline
Research institute/consultants agrees to work within the following timeline:
1. Contracted should be available to prepare for the job starting in the last week of January 2021 in Côte d'Ivoire
a. Preparation visits/meetings to organise the impact and capacity assessment
b. Inception phase

2. Throughout the rest of the time the contracted will work on collecting quantitative and qualitative data, analyses and report writing.
a. The baseline takes place in February 2021
b. The endline takes place in December 2022


Payment
The budget for this assignment is 60.000 EUR and the payment schedule is as follows:
30% upon approval of the inception report20% upon approval of the baseline report30% upon completion of the endline data collection and receipt of the data file20% upon approval of the endline report


Submission and questions
Submit any questions and proposals by email to:
Livia Remeijers. E-mail: livia@aflatoun.org


Bid for research institute / consultant services
Interested candidates must include the following:
a. Technical proposal including experience conducting RCTs;
b. Detailed financial proposal including daily rates of all team members and activities (incl. VAT);
c. Curriculum Vitaes of all team members who will be involved, clearly stating their role;
d. At least three references.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=fa25ba2fe654a64d&fccid=427632dad26793b5&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
34,social worker,Indeed,p_bc8f5e17126f7cbb,Linux System Administrator,The IP Company, Amsterdam,"As a Linux system administrator you will work closely with a project team that consists of internal, external members and our clients.

You will play an important role in all phases of a project. You will be reviewing specifications, put together quality and test plans and perform risk analyses, set logical and physical test designs and guide programmers at the implementation of their software and users during acceptance testing.

You are responsible for:

Maintain, customize, improve internal and external Linux systems and networks.
Implementation and maintenance of our customer solutions based on Linux systems
Testing, implementation of new products/ software on aforementioned Linux environments
Setting up, implementation and supervision of implementation (new) and migration (old) of systems internal and external

Furthermore, you have to be actively engaged with keeping your technical knowledge and skills intact, so that you are able to stay familiar with the latest techniques and developments in your field.

Meet our requirements:

You have a Bachelor (ICT), a University degree in computer science or equivalent level of thinking.
You have a minimum of 3 years relevant work experience.
You have an in-depth knowledge of Linux.
You have knowledge and experience with diverse test methodologies
You are focused on process improvements and analytically strong
You are solution and service – oriented, with an eye for details and procedures
You are fluent in both the Dutch and English language.
You are flexible, proactive, result-oriented and you are able to set your priorities straight
You work independently, are committed and have strong communication and social skills.
You are living in a radius of 40 km around Hoofddorp.

Professional knowledge

Linux system management, email, networking, DNS, DHCP.
Scripting (bash) is an important tool, but you’re not narrow minded
You have experience with RHEL/CentOS, Xen, Nagios, High Availability (keepalived)
Knowledge of network protocols such as VRRP, LLDP
You are able to use tools such as strace, vmstat, tcpdump

Experience with ipv6, ansible, asterisk is a plus, as is working experience with an internet provider.

An online test is part of the procedure.

What we offer

The IP Company is a company where you have plenty of opportunity to develop your professional knowledge. It’s a place where one deals with each other informally and where co-workers are used to jump in when needed. At the IP Company you work together with a flexible team of dedicated workers, a place where your creativity and initiative can grow. During your daily routine you work with the latest techniques in the field of ICT and technology. You can count on good working conditions and a competitive salary.

Interested?

Send your curriculum vitae and motivational letter to rk@theipcompany.nl.
If you have any more questions about this job description, contact us via telephone number 085 – 11 19 119.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=bc8f5e17126f7cbb&fccid=25e3209070eae730&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
35,social worker,Indeed,p_e0f35e09985e48d4,German speaking Campaign Manager based in Amsterdam,International People Solutions, Amsterdam,"Job description

You will manage all social media campaigns from advertisers in the DACH region. Part of your job is to set up, test, analyse and optimize social media campaigns together with the international strategy team.

Requirements
Minimum 6 months of year of social media marketing and/or performance marketing experience
Copywriting skills —>>HUGE +
Hard worker with ‘can do’ mentality
Creative and analytical
A/B testing experience
Team player
Business level German and FLUENT in English
NOT afraid to pick up the phone and make things happen
Based in/near Amsterdam
Benefits
Great package
Team bonus and company bonus
Flexible working hours
International travel to tradeshows (once things are back to normal)
Travel allowance
Remote kit
The best pension plan in town
25 holidays + 8 % holiday allowance
Fresh/free lunch
State of the art office including gaming room
Flat culture
Work from home or come to the office. You decide.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e0f35e09985e48d4&fccid=f3dfbb384d21cc73&vjs=3,27 dagen geleden,27 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
36,social worker,Indeed,p_81b33b1831609e2b,.Net Web Developer - Content Collecting & Admin Tools (m/f/d),Infront Financial Technology GmbH, Amsterdam,"General information
Reference
2020-246
Position description
Job title

.Net Web Developer - Content Collecting & Admin Tools (m/f/d)
Contract type

1 = fulltime - unlimited
About the Role

We are looking for talented developers to join our development team in Amsterdam. Part of the team is joined up in our Content Collecting & Admin Tools squad which focuses on building tools to aid our content teams in on-boarding and administrating our data.
The focus of the role is to continuously develop and improve these system in order to provide our content teams with fast, usable and reliable tools. The applications are primarily written in C# combined with MS SQL Server databases. We have other squads focusing on Machine Learning and Content Onboarding and you will interact with these teams as well.
Tasks and responsibilities
Maintain, improve and modernize our content collecting & admin tools
Work on improving and extending our systems with new business needs coming throughout our organization
Work together as a team to improve code quality (through regular refactoring, code reviews and automated testing)
Be a part of the Amsterdam Classic Platform Attention Team to ensure stable operations of our Amsterdam classic platform
You work together with people in multiple locations and countries on products and projects

Who you are

Since our products are within the financial industry some knowledge of the financial world is a bonus, although our developers are supported by our Finance experts! We believe that the right candidate is someone who helps their co-workers not because they must but because they want to.
Core competencies
Good programming skills as full stack web developer on the Microsoft .NET framework using C#: a minimum of 5 years professional experience is required
Sound skills in basic web development techniques like HTML, JS and CSS
Knowledge of and experience with Angular are an important advantage
Familiarity with cloud ready technologies and micro-services architecture are considered a benefit
Experience in other major web development stacks like Java, Node.js, etc. is considered beneficial
Willingness to learn new programming languages and techniques
Open minded and having team spirit
Bachelor's degree required, master's degree preferred
Sound language skills in both written and spoken English
Core technologies and developer tools
.NET Core and .NET Framework using C#
JavaScript/ TypeScript/Angular or other modern web technologies
Microsoft SQL Server

Why join Infront?

Infront offers an exciting and challenging job within the financial technology sector. You will be a part of an international, active social environment with friendly, supportive and highly skilled colleagues. Being part of a company based on technological innovation will give you opportunities for personal growth and fulfilling career possibilities in a fast-paced environment! At the same time, we have an informal and relaxed culture based on mutual trust, respect and cooperation.

Position localisation
Job location

The Netherlands, Amsterdam
Company

Infront Netherlands
Handled by
Last name

Blasi
Forename

Stefanie
Phone number

+49 69 50701-493",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=81b33b1831609e2b&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=36b9b88e5869539e&assa=2960,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=81b33b1831609e2b&fccid=795018aec8fb1847&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
37,social worker,Indeed,p_b28aa0ee62a49f4a,Front-End Angular Developer - Portfolio & Advisory Solutions (m/f/d),Infront Financial Technology GmbH, Amsterdam,"General information
Reference
2020-247
Position description
Job title

Front-End Angular Developer - Portfolio & Advisory Solutions (m/f/d)
Contract type

1 = fulltime - unlimited
About the Role

We are looking for talented developers to join our development team in Amsterdam. Part of the team is joined up in our Portfolio & Advisory squad which focuses on building cloud based portfolio services and display solutions.
The focus of the role is to continuously develop and improve our web-based portfolio & advisory solutions. Our portfolio & advisory front-end solutions are written in Angular and deeply integrate into our products. We have other squads working on our terminal and web-based informational systems you will interact with these teams as well to support on integrating even further.
Tasks and responsibilities
Maintain, improve and unify our Angular based portfolio & advisory solutions
Work on improving and extending our systems with new business needs coming throughout our organization
Work together as a team to improve code quality (through regular refactoring, code reviews and automated testing)
You work together with people in multiple locations and countries on products and projects
Implementing (responsive) designs

Who you are

The candidates we are looking for
Since our products are within the financial industry some knowledge of the financial world is a bonus, although our developers are supported by our Finance experts! We believe that the right candidate is someone who helps their co-workers not because they must but because they want to.
Core competencies
Solid programming skills as Angular (version 10+) developer
Sound skills in basic web development techniques like HTML, CSS, JS and TypeScript
Familiarity with cloud ready technologies and micro-services architecture are considered a benefit
Willingness to learn new programming languages and techniques
Open minded and having team spirit
Eager to work in an international environment and in cross-location projects
Bachelor's degree required, master's degree preferred
Sound language skills in both written and spoken English
Core technologies and developer tools
Angular
Docker
Sass (SCSS)

Why join Infront?

Infront offers exciting and challenging job opportunities within the financial technology sector. You will be a part of an active social environment with friendly, supportive and highly skilled colleagues. Being part of a company that is built on technological innovation, you will experience great opportunities for personal growth and fulfilling career possibilities in a fast-paced environment. At the same time, we have an informal and relaxed culture based on mutual trust, respect and cooperation. Apply to our open positions or send us an open application to become a part of the Infront culture, where contributions are recognized and achievements are celebrated.

Position localisation
Job location

The Netherlands, Amsterdam
Company

Infront Netherlands
Handled by
Last name

Blasi
Forename

Stefanie
Phone number

+49 69 50701-493",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=b28aa0ee62a49f4a&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=a4185302539762bc&assa=4362,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=b28aa0ee62a49f4a&fccid=795018aec8fb1847&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
38,social worker,Indeed,pj_4395359d287144bb,Administrative & Operations Assistant,DataLocker Inc, Nederland,"Checklists, organization, and marking items off your list as “completed” is how you know you’ve had a good day. Not only that, but you find that your best work tends to come out when your day includes a variety of tasks and challenges that keeps you just a bit on your toes. Wrap all that up with co-workers you can trust (but also give you the space to focus on your work) and you’re ready to join our Netherlands team! Joining a smaller team means you’ll need to tap into your “go-get-it-ness” but you’re confident that the challenges ahead are no match for what can be accomplished when you work together as a team.Key Performance IndicatorsMaintain stock levels and check run-ratesRespond to client RMA requests within SLA standardsMaintain an outstanding AR ratio (collecting bills)General Professional Attitude, Team Collaboration, AttendanceKey ResponsibilitiesProcessing orders from partners and across supported regions (EMEA -Europe, Middle East, Africa)Pick items, pack products, and arrange collections with couriers for daily shipments, Receive Incoming goods.Support sales team in day-to-day operationsReceive calls from partners and customersMaintain online accounting Software (QuickBooks)Chasing AR, maintaining on time APBackup license team when requiredOther duties as assignedJob Overview and RequirementsJob Type: Administrative & Operations AssistantWork Hours: Full Time - 40hours per weekBase Pay: €2200.00/month + participation in company bonusTraining for position: Formal and InformalPhysical Requirements: NoneRequired Education: Bachelor degree or College diploma in a relevant field preferredRequired Experience: Ability to read, write, and speak English and Dutch; Sales experience a plusLocations: Netherlands OfficeZip Code: 6136GM Sittard (Limburg)Job Type: Full-timePay: €2,016.00 - €2,200.00 per monthEducation:Associate (Preferred)Language:English (Required)Dutch (Required)COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B3kKczJH0OXt0ClY9FkmzQMO3wHTMtSIntU0stq8Gys0bM4Ayxi2mVlu4xX8oRaahHGXFodR3dgTobypG9--crX3wfoYrDWIddzhB6QP-wbjW64H26dgBHubGXY6i8OIqpVgSXszr2kMkSJAK7zg8LSMZF34E8xS7NccyBJR9A95sBUUSG1BhLgNmeRpaHxvlu60W76rBT6JpUBK33NkRXcmLGCHUx52GPg9zSVcGT35SsaVQKDa9FGJsC9u6QRyD4mHJBBB-YXzuAY37G05EsS-7WJqNtIelGXoqzBjeWC-6JQbN7H24fabTSm5n1szK1HVp4U075ZTOZ9Z1g93fWhYc2PtjFwKZ7Z82M2TQvRPWtIBWkkqo3HZIkwG4RUo1GzlTtcFlYtMyvgiiEstIT8_7v9otWfWl6W1vMPCQPXqqEflnTFm_dqBKVwCPSF0gL5GUysarxHQ==&p=7&fvj=1&vjs=3,29 dagen geleden,29 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
39,social worker,Indeed,p_56d5dddad7ed13a3,Consultants Zimbabwe,Aflatoun, Amsterdam,"TERMS OF REFERENCE
Research Institute / Consultants to conduct a Randomised Control Trial and qualitative analysis on the Aflateen+ Life Skills and Financial Education programme in Zimbabwe
From: Aflatoun International, Amsterdam
When: January 2021 – August 2023. The candidate should be available in February – April 2021 and December 2022 – February 2023.

Deadline for submitting proposals: Monday 25 January 2021


Background
Aflatoun International is a non-profit organization, which offers social and financial education to children and young people worldwide, empowering them to make a positive change for a more equitable world. Aflatoun creates high-quality curricula, for different age groups, which are contextualized to local needs and specific circumstances. In 2019, Aflatoun reached 10.5 million children in 108 countries through over 345 partner organizations.
Aflatoun programs inspire children to discover their talents and put them to use, to stand up for their rights and those of their communities, to play games, and to solve problems. They learn how to save, how to budget, and how to set up social and financial enterprises that benefit themselves, their families, and their communities.
Aflatoun has been identified as a best in practice organisation by The Brookings Institution in the report 'Can We Leapfrog? The Potential of Education Innovations to Rapidly Accelerate Progress’. The report presents a forward path in global education by examining the possibility of using innovations to ‘leapfrog’, rapidly accelerating educational progress to ensure that all young people develop the skills they need to thrive in a fast-changing world. Additionally, in 2019, HundrED Connect officially recognized Aflatoun as one of top 5 Spotlight Innovators for its work on financial education. HundrED Connect is an initiative that aims to improve education and inspire a movement by encouraging pedagogically sound and ambitious innovations to spread across the world. Aflatoun was also selected as an official Vanguard Member of the Million Lives Club, which celebrates innovators and social entrepreneurs who are reaching new horizons of impact and improving the lives of those living on less than $5 a day, and who have already scaled to serve at least 1,000,000 people.


Project information
While significant progress has been made towards universal primary school attendance, the reality is that a third (34%) of children of lower secondary school age (12-14 years) and more than half (58%) of 15 to 17-year-olds in sub-Saharan Africa are not in school. Hence, majority of those who should be acquiring the skills to prepare them for the job market, or move into further education, are not in the classroom, making it less likely that they will have a positive impact on their countries’ development.
Improving youth’s future prospects for decent work helps break the intergenerational cycle of poverty and is beneficial for entire communities. To do so, it is crucial that adolescents understand money, resources and the markets that increasingly affect them, as they become consumers, workers and active citizens. This greatly improves their prospects for the future, as it prepares young people for a complex and turbulent job market.

In this context, Aflatoun will roll out its Aflateen+ programme in Zimbabwe through its partnership with implementing organization Junior Achievement Zimbabwe. Junior Achievement Zimbabwe is a not-for-profit organization aiming to prepare and inspire young people to value free enterprise, business, economics and entrepreneurship.
Aflateen+ is a comprehensive educational programme to transform the lives of adolescent girls and boys aged 14-19 through social and financial education, and entrepreneurship with a gender lens. The programme’s biggest strength is its flexibility to adapt to the local needs of the girls and boys, while offering a variety of lessons on life skills, sexual and reproductive health and rights, and financial empowerment. Throughout the lessons, the connection between gender equality and economic prosperity is emphasized. The project’s overall objective is
To socially and economically empower young girls and boys (ages of 14 to 19) in Zimbabwe by providing them with the social and financial skills necessary to make informed choices about their health, financial situation, and education.


Impact assessment

To assess the impact of the Aflateen+ programme on adolescent girls and boys in Zimbabwe, this research will use a mixed-method approach, with a heavy quantitative component. The study will collect and evaluate quantitative data through a Randomised Controlled Trial (RCT) and qualitative data from e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions.
The main question of the research is: What is the effect of the Aflateen+ programme among participants of the Aflateen+ programme, relative to the representative control sample in Zimbabwe?
Since the project runs over three years, we aim to not only measure knowledge, awareness and attitudes of adolescent girls and boys, but also assess the impact of the programme on SDG outcome and impact indicators like school retention/attendance/drop-out, teenage pregnancy, gender based violence, and HIV-risk behaviour.


Capacity assessment
In order to assess the effectiveness of the capacity building component of the project, the research will include two tools assessing the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators.
Adding to that, as a follow up to the training of teachers, weekly push messages will be sent to the teachers or trainers via SMS or social media platforms. These messages may be questions or surveys on the progress of Aflateen+ activities. Additionally, micro content that reinforces learning, or guides teaching activities will be shared.
The evidence generated through this study will assist in regional advocacy and Aflatoun’s engagement with regional bodies like SADC and the African Union, which will contribute to our efforts towards education system change.


Experience requirements
Research institute/consultants should have:
1. Experience conducting Random Control Trials;
2. Extensive experience with leading a team of researchers and data enumerators incl. training of data enumerators on the use of evaluation tools;
3. Extensive experience in survey development and contextualisation;
4. Experience with statistical analyses using statistical software such as STATA or R;

5. Experience developing and contextualising qualitative evaluation tools e.g. Most Significant Change or Focus Group Discussions;
6. Experience with collecting qualitative data and qualitative analyses;
7. Experience with writing quantitative and qualitative evaluation and capacity assessment reports.


Skill requirements
1. Fluency in English;
2. Master’s degree or PhD in a relevant field (e.g. Development Economics, Social Sciences, M&E);
3. Contextual knowledge of Zimbabwe.


Scope of the assignment
Research institute/consultants agrees to:
1. Liaise with implementing partner to understand implementation design;
2. Attend the training of teachers to understand programme methodologies and content;
3. Execute the randomisation based on a list of schools/informal centers provided by implementing partner;
4. Write an inception report with the proposed research design, sample size, effect size calculation, randomization, and work plan;
5. Contextualize the quantitative and qualitative tools based on the already developed Aflateen+ survey and Most Significant Change guidelines;
6. Develop a simple monitoring tool to track programme attendance to be used by teachers;
7. Develop two tools to assess the capacity of both trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
8. Procure ethical approvals from Independent Review Boards before commencing data collection activities;
9. Test the internal validity of the developed evaluation tools in a pilot phase, report results and provide recommendations and integrate those for tool improvement;
10. Recruit and train data enumerators on the use of the contextualised evaluation tools;
11. Collect quantitative and qualitative data from a minimum of 30 treatment and 30 control schools;
12. Collect data on the capacity of the trained partners/NGOs, as well as trained teachers/educators;
13. Import all the quantitative data into statistical software and analyse the quantitative and qualitative data;
14. Write a high quality baseline and endline report with the impact and capacity assessment results and recommendations.


Timeline
Research institute/consultants agree to work within the following timeline:
1. Contracted should be available to prepare for the job starting in the last week of January 2021 in Zimbabwe:
a. Preparation visits/meetings to organise the impact and capacity assessment
b. Inception phase
2. Throughout the rest of the time the contracted will work on collecting quantitative and qualitative data, analyses and report writing.
a. The baseline takes place in February 2021
b. The endline takes place in December 2022


Payment
The budget for this assignment is 60.000 EUR and the payment schedule is as follows:
30% upon approval of the inception report20% upon approval of the baseline report30% upon completion of the endline data collection and receipt of the data file20% upon approval of the endline report


Submission and questions
Submit any questions and proposals by email to:
Livia Remeijers. E-mail: livia@aflatoun.org


Bid for research institute / consultant services
Interested candidates must include the following:
a. Technical proposal including experience conducting RCTs;
b. Detailed financial proposal including daily rates of all team members and activities (incl. VAT);
c. Curriculum Vitaes of all team members who will be involved, clearly stating their role;
d. At least three references.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=56d5dddad7ed13a3&fccid=427632dad26793b5&vjs=3,29 dagen geleden,29 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
40,social worker,Indeed,pj_5ca550a1abf99000,Dutch Content Writer - Amsterdam,Packhelp, Nederland,"At Packhelp, we are rethinking what creating custom-branded packaging should be. We are now serving more than 30,000 customers from 30 countries. We make the process of designing and ordering packaging as smooth and seamless as possible. With a minimum order quantity of just 30 pieces, we have enabled thousands of companies to order their custom packaging without the hassle or ruining their budgets. Our mission is to become the best-in-class place to order packaging online. With hundreds of new ideas, lots of experience, a range of new products and a growing customer base, we are now in full scale-mode! It is a great time to join our team and kick-start your career as part of a startup.Join a company, which was listed as #1 in Deloitte's Fast 50 Central Europe 2020 ranking, as the fastest growing technology company in the region, was listed among the most prominent start-ups in Europe by Business Insider, and has raised more than 10 Milion € from leading VC funds such as White Star Capital (Canada), ProFounders (UK) and SpeedInvest (Austria).We are looking for a talented and experienced Content Creator to join our Content Team. Take a look at the description and if this sounds like you - Apply!RequirementsFluent Dutch and good command of EnglishAt least 2 years of experience in copywriting and content creation, targeted at B2B clientsCreative copywriting with a focus on short forms such as catchphrases and slogansHaving a good grasp of SEO (in reference to writing, as well as optimizing existing content)Experience with WordpressEager to research new content ideas & techniques in order to test & implement themAttention to detail and drive for excellence (nailing both the technical and visual aspect of any content created)Knowledge of Google Analytics & Google Search ConsoleGood communication skills will be needed to get in touch with customersBonus points:tools such as Ahrefs, Semrushknowledge of how to use CanvaResponsibilitiesWriting blog posts, researching topics and keywords for blog articles, and creating articles from scratch (including images, yoast, any videos etc.) in WordpressCopywriting in terms of shorter formsWriting guest articles in order to gain backlinksContacting our customers in relation to content collaboration initiatives (such as writing their stories in Inspirations)Translating and creating localized versions of lead nurturing emails, mailings, and newslettersWriting copy for product pages, as well as other UX elements on the websiteDistribution of content through social mediaCreating landing pages aimed at customer acquisitionAnalyzing the content of our competitors in your market & applying the best practices as new initiatives in the teamAssisting in other translation- and content-driven projects that the team is tasked withWe offerAtmosphere of a start-up with remote-first cultureWork with a team of experienced, data-driven professionalsGrowing your skills as a content marketer through content writing, distribution & other initiativesGetting to work with top-class SEO & marketing tools on a daily basisDiversity of projects & initiatives within the Content TeamMacBook and other necessary hardwareCareer boost budged, private medical care and sports card (or equivalent)Why us?Our ambition is to create a pioneering product on a world-class levelOur team is built from people who love what they do and believe in the value of what they createWe solve problems instead of forwarding themWe truly believe that a friendly approach in the workspace gives the best results. Our team consists of friends, not co-workersStart-up + technology = awesome job & experienceWe are addicted to celebrations, team integrations, trips and general fun-having activitiesJob Types: Full-time, Contract, Permanent",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=5ca550a1abf99000&from=vj&sjdu=Bv_T-MrJFm9QvTgrswDST3Q3J4ORYUW20sbsa5025QrH-_J9iH9rzcOT6g2J3m82cEA085BCsJWG3N3PvQ-MnOWknuKzPKJozK6ggdkFYVerbvgT6h7AIt67xyYG02bdxrOIBcSsd38vLIrvNpxR7w&spon=1&adid=363051595&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BhFFh4hh10kWgK8GsEhaN2_zMd3uGEk_OCD40UGUp9MOd5i153m6k0dqGtDOEwNgRuz3teCvCiGUAzOVnoKMp413oxRmnd32awyGsyi7I7zgDHys8JIimWHsgfaCFTo5myVNzJk-taPQXalYfxKW6Iw-5rKtXscPvTyGVbNFJDBsKCi4bNXOEi6H4F-KuALeK04_dXkppSGm330oBxepIQCB4H4_KFB-k83eVvKlUtBbIo2o3Xfj8C1k-svBsQdwd6GQNopD2h9RLFmvWt5sW1fTW_tc2FoK5A2HaQdaR6xArVACu_GJzzwR2lec82zlpr4J3Q0JIqwBlz4n1lDut6yBDu_7RKD8z-odZRjsEJ2K_ZMaWknhKERS2Ra_V70gAAFmskB7jCqKmkAPhC_yfUL8lX7A2VBGkfwJWMZ6_9Em9lpDusqNu21MzyV48neJhWIfQ_3fdjSKmfnF7m227sfygIJU4IKG9IP-Vji_JibVfm8v2gH7TvUDn82wTbi4NEWWCQpnjLQMzJv4X09LfxoNcCCjnfxKs=&astse=bd0cfa77cb004b26&assa=1559,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BhFFh4hh10kWgK8GsEhaN2_zMd3uGEk_OCD40UGUp9MOd5i153m6k0dqGtDOEwNgRuz3teCvCiGUAzOVnoKMp413oxRmnd32awyGsyi7I7zgDHys8JIimWHsgfaCFTo5myVNzJk-taPQXalYfxKW6Iw-5rKtXscPvTyGVbNFJDBsKCi4bNXOEi6H4F-KuALeK04_dXkppSGm330oBxepIQCB4H4_KFB-k83eVvKlUtBbIo2o3Xfj8C1k-svBsQdwd6GQNopD2h9RLFmvWt5sW1fTW_tc2FoK5A2HaQdaR6xArVACu_GJzzwR2lec82zlpr4J3Q0JIqwBlz4n1lDut6yBDu_7RKD8z-odZRjsEJ2K_ZMaWknhKERS2Ra_V70gAAFmskB7jCqKmkAPhC_yfUL8lX7A2VBGkfwJWMZ6_9Em9lpDusqNu21MzyV48neJhWIfQ_3fdjSKmfnF7m227sfygIJU4IKG9IP-Vji_JibVfm8v2gH7TvUDn82wTbi4NEWWCQpnjLQMzJv4X09LfxoNcCCjnfxKs=&p=12&fvj=1&vjs=3,29 dagen geleden,29 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
41,social worker,Indeed,p_588a5612f9c8084e,IT Manager,Michael Page, Schiphol,"About Our Client
dnata keeps the world in the air! Whether it concerns handling of Passengers or Cargo Aircraft, they ensure that customers can keep their promises. Dnata - based in Dubai - is part of the Emirates group and also located at Schiphol (NL) and Zaventem (BE) airports. They provide passenger, baggage, disaster and cargo handling services to many internationally operating airlines. Safety and security are crucial in their business operations. With 650 employees, together with some 300 flex workers, they ensure that aircrafts are loaded and unloaded as safely and efficiently as possible and that passengers check in, board and alight smoothly. It goes without saying that they ensure that flights depart on time. they work on that 24/7!
Job Description
The IT manager is responsible for creating and executing the IT policy of the organizations, with focus on continuous process optimization, cost control and with the aim of striving for a so-called no excuse environment, in order to improve the IT processes for cargo handling, passenger services. and disaster services. The IT manager is also the person who builds and expands the IT organization with a view to the future. He / she directs the department and manages the process. To this end, the IT manager formulates an appealing plan and will realize these plans in consultation with the upper management. The IT manager manages the IT department via 3 direct reports. As a project manager, the IT manager regularly directs project groups in which dnata employees as well as external advisers and suppliers participate. To summarize the duties and responsibilities: * Develop and implement an IT strategy that contributes to the clear long-term vision of the company and adjust it periodically based on market data, organizational wishes, customer wishes, professional knowledge and social developments; * Oversee and manage all IT processes for quality, effectiveness, delivery reliability and cost-efficiency; * Assessing and monitoring the progress and costs of all investments for IT; * Taking responsibility for the IT performance of the organization through effective management of the IT department in close cooperation with stakeholders from the primary process and external suppliers and thus ensuring that the result is greater than the sum of the individual performances; * Take the lead in IT change processes for the entire process chain, so that the strength of the Operational Service Excellence and supply chain optimization is reinforced; * Build a strong relationship of trust with his / her team, motivate and develop employees, thereby promoting collaboration; * Sparring partner for Managing Directors and MTs; * An exemplary role with regard to integrity, decisiveness and action-orientation and thereby create synergy.
An opportunity to be a part of an international company and a dynamic team
Lots of scope to learn and grow within the company
The Successful Applicant
* Academic working and thinking level in combination with - at least - a completed relevant Bachelor's degree (Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering, ..) * At least 5 to 8 years of experience in a similar role; * Experience with managing (logistics) IT processes within the aviation sector; * Experience with implementation, optimization and standardization of IT processes; * Affinity with (process) automation * Knowledge of PC, server and network and database technology (SQL, Oracle), telecommunication, cloud solutions and IT security * Strongly developed anticipatory and problem-solving ability; * A clear doer mentality (hands-on and no nonsense); * High degree of organizational sensitivity and flexibility; * A results-oriented People manager and team player; * International experience is a plus * An excellent command of the Dutch and English language (French is a plus)
What's on Offer
An opportunity to be a part of a dynamic team, a competitive salary package and a company car.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=588a5612f9c8084e&from=vj&sjdu=4Y28b5dfoFRawt9rvORiBKyt_wHNU5rZ8uGgB5M1Zd7bpUovh5gmUMp6m-rlYOlKsb9nu-OW4zu41jhTroP6CKS8uK_wrht1n5qcA_VPcPgpFSZ9l-_b_9-WOkrwRywF5icmN6A8O06RMTLc81MgHMuTBCME7qY6BLEmTkMZqeREAa27Xl7SV2NhexN9NCrwQ2tiq37rnXiZ1tJmzGdupqOTw3Fa84D1pPVO6ve_dT4&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=c1db938af8fac4f4&assa=7875,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=588a5612f9c8084e&fccid=77087bd1709a8148&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
42,social worker,Indeed,p_4b61131493ceab6d,"PR & Marketing, Sales & Operations intern (m/f/d)",FRENDS, Amsterdam,"FRENDS women’s designer headphones is seeking an enthusiastic PR & Marketing, Sales & Operations intern.

FRENDS connects a woman’s personal style with her everyday life through fashionable electronic accessories. By collaborating with designers, artists and creatives around the world, FRENDS has established itself as the authoritative voice for designer audio.

We are offering an international internship for those who have interest in the fast growing industry of Fashion-Tech. Learn varied elements of day to day business from building communication plans for new developing markets, social media management, e-commerce and customer service.

Job description:
PR co-ordination, Fashion & Lifestyle press, Business Development, social media management, online marketing coordination, imagery database, direct marketing, sponsorships/product & celebrity seeding, web content management www.wearefrends.com, after-sales coordination, special research projects.

Requirements:

English required
Flexible
Independent worker
Creative minded
Fashion interest
Social Media
Great social and communicative skills

Please send your resume and motivation via the form below.

Website: www.wearefrends.com",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=4b61131493ceab6d&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6164d8f33f23e123&assa=3582,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=4b61131493ceab6d&fccid=3aa3f1279ed99e49&vjs=3,29 dagen geleden,29 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
43,social worker,Indeed,pj_6e44f71d92a8e486,Lecturer Business Innovation,Hogeschool INHolland, Diemen,"Jouw meerwaarde
The Business Innovation programme has an opening for a lecturer who has experience in coaching international students on their professional innovator skills and personal development. In this position you will facilitate the learning process of students and encourage them to reach their full potential. You will guide them throughout the process of designing sustainable and value driven innovations and setting up purpose driven enterprises. You are fully aware of the new economic trends and developments and understand what it takes to explore the possibilities towards a sustainable future. You are willing to take a coordinating role within the Business Innovation program and you have experience in how to design a future-proof educational programme.


Inhoud functie
The Business Innovation programme is a learning community for changemakers focusing on innovating business and dealing with societal challenges. Business Innovation is about looking into economical transitions that take place in the society and businesses, both now and in the foreseen future. The Business Innovation programme is using design thinking methodologies as a basis to create value driven innovations.

Societal challenges are complex and intertwined with each other. These challenges require a multi -stakeholder approach. Cooperating together is a critical requirement in order to find sustainable and innovative solutions. Therefore, our students need to be taught to have an open minded attitude and good collaboration skills. Being aware of and acknowledging personal differences while using each others strengths will contribute towards finding new solutions. Moreover, they need to be geared to develop design strategies, tactics and research tools to challenge stakeholders and thus change the eco-system. The programme is fully taught in English and hosts more than 40 nationalities. We work continuously to strengthen our inclusive community, and strive towards a team composition that reflects society in a representative manner, and is as divers as our student population. We particularly invite applicants who regard themselves as under-represented in higher education.


Jouw rol
What are your roles as our new colleague?
You will act as a learning coach in our learning community
You will be teaching several masterclasses and organizing (interactive) workshops (online and offline)
You will provide coaching to students on a personal basis
Coaching students on personal level in the personal development study units
You will be responsible for several coordinating tasks such as lab coordinator and study unit leader
You have the possibility to be e a member of the exam committee, assessment committee or program committee


Wie ben jij
Job requirements
Master degree in Innovation, Design, Business or equivalent
An Excellent command of English, both oral and in writing
Preferably you have didactic experience and are in possession of a teaching qualification
Passioned about educating young adults in the field of Business Innovation
Excellent coaching and collaboration skills and an entrepreneurial mindset
Knowledge of research skills and practice oriented skills is considered a plus


Wat bieden wij
What we offer

We offer you a challenging working environment in which you will be constantly stimulated to give your very best performance. We are design oriented and constantly innovating organization. Flexibility and agility is therefore essential.
In our team there is plenty of space to innovate, create and be pro-active. We also appreciate a hands on mentality; sometimes stuff just needs to get done!
The initial engagement will be for a period of 12 months. The employment contract may then be renewed subject to performance.
The gross salary has been set at a maximum of €5.026,85 per month in salary scale 11 on the basis of full-time employment. Inholland applies a 36-hour working week.
Your salary level will depend on your relevant professional and other experience and education.
A working week of 32 hours a week.
An 8% holiday allowance paid out in May
An 8.3% year-end bonus payable in December
A generous leave scheme allowing for individual choice. For example: employees with a full-time appointment who have opted to work 40 hours a week will have 428 hours of leave per year. This comes down to a total of 53.5 days off. Our leave scheme includes the compulsory days off and all national and public holidays.
An attractive pension scheme through ABP (Pension Fund for government and education sector workers).
An easily accessible work location at Diemen/Amsterdam. All travel expenses for public transport will be reimbursed in full. If you choose to use your own transport, please be aware that you will be reimbursed to a limited extent.
We will provide you all the facilities you need to further your professional and personal development. We value your willingness to learn. The courage to learn is one of our core values.
You will be covered by a partial disability insurance paid for entirely by Inholland University of Applied Sciences.
We offer our employees a generous paid parental leave scheme and a supplement to the statutory spousal leave schemes in the event of child birth or adoption.
We provide a pleasant and informal working environment, and know our colleagues and students by name.
In addition to these employment benefits, we also offer a selection menu through which you can - for example - buy and sell holidays over and above the statutory minimum, take part in our bicycle scheme or offset your travel expenses and union dues.
The social partners remain committed to improving the quality of education, research, the educational organisation and staff. We adhere to the collective labour agreement for higher professional education (cao hbo). An attractive package of primary and secondary employment conditions.


Jouw werkomgeving
About Inholland University of Applied Sciences

As you will notice when you come to work for Inholland, we are committed to our students and staff. Our organisational culture is personal and intimate, ensuring a learning and working environment where everyone knows each other by name. We offer you the space you need to keep developing yourself both professionally and personally, regardless of your role or level within the organisation. This will help you to be an inspiring example for our students (as they are for us) and remain relevant in an ever-changing world.

At each of our 8 locations across the Randstad conurbation, from the northern part of North Holland to the Drecht cities, we help students develop into confident professionals capable of making society more sustainable, healthy and creative. We offer a safe foundation to prepare them for the jobs of the future. We offer a broad range of higher professional education programmes and research opportunities that optimally reflect developments in the field and cover various areas of interest: from healthcare to economics and from technology to education.

Our lecturers and support service staff set high standards for our students, each other and themselves. In our ever-changing world, it takes courage to be vulnerable and adjust your views to reflect new insights. It also takes guts to keep a critical mindset, try out new things and follow your instincts. Real progress requires a constant process of exploration, trial, error and persistence. Learning = daring.


Sollicitatieproces
The application procedure

Interested, but still not sure?
We understand you may still have some questions about this position. You may be curious about our working environment or want to know what it's really like to be a higher professional education lecturer. Please feel free to put all your questions to Lisette van Alten, Teamleader Business Innovation programme by calling 06-12653443

If you've got the courage to take on this challenge, we look forward to receiving your application letter before the 15th of march. We will respond to your application in the week of 15 march. Interested in becoming our new colleague? We hope to welcome you to our team soon.


Contactgegevens
Lisette van Alten

+31 6 12653443",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=6e44f71d92a8e486&from=vj&sjdu=czKOr_5N4ctFrJk6Qn2MMjD0xF9f5AWeXoj6mLMdr1MSjLE9MmWdRYtzMZsznlfZMkoBgmrOdXshm4xkVgtbGx3sO6fV_ws8lomZZk2_IPP0cLHZsIWj6ecslz37XURSL463ktnck8fXBxuTc-Ry8ZndAQHiQjiDd5GjGL3VdSl0XUEvWA_Cc2xuKdaXr0OJSLo_Uh5YZP3YdFCffvY1DDmZA7GrQvYV43w4aEafbFD2rRMI3x6OTjE1znXfcfOA&spon=1&adid=315445848&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskokQ-KhxDiCV074hEexcB0lBjty8E4oTsyU-NYLXyBCRVPC2BZaIg26DC70VvE5HyWJke0IY67hJhoyxm-wCx9IF-iBQWAD8sUYAh7bHvyAFXZMgQpIKjUoMK4N9v0714CthhPglw8fpCbrV8BEaxCGUovNElTiR-Kgo0iOnzJhCnKVzmKuxB7gtfO1Q7rdQhhtWyPF4AeOeEUD_4eTkL_N4dSEJp9x8PSMZBTcbm0v7whV6d4TrRCSNXu9BlCUpazOcFJct1pNomrWVwZAz8fSnzYbl5crvHBprfY6mSYK_JsNsKVD7rYTKS1aQ3O9l5nxppnNrylxK1I-tGm2fk1vRlgDM6X-SFhLnn7cVVpgX1WHylHeB-Rv9C12qK-aeYuJjS4D5S8JB622iPM6eN4ooSxZSAB8XKfO0GVtBHiuaDEfXHlaZY3pGNWxVWZm5USxW6nAMoRqmMAb5d8i7shq-u_5yyr7KuJJqBFvcMMTyOPj9OJx6uXTdeMCjK6LTNiN9xa6IUHHWfsmlFiwfxCHgOcYysf0b38o6O3dUWtHZl7-fPfbVSXDOrAPQAK1mXGqq3uK0AG53oZ0ihADtMDa0ShuvgIsSK7daORIqDe9MWzQRFm376czgOIKJd9KzDARhZ1D9HUoOV599g1MK8foUJutLDhyO2T0EXec49IueqUqsWnS9i3Hh50LE4m3rH0jNdyB5OrojDhT5FSZfxJfKKlhjd7EjW_GXTnklV2nJwzNyYGat7mfg==&astse=dffed7cb36940d5c&assa=3469,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B9ncCjVygRjlOeaYfNmTIisbUp_hi4QzA_-fBu-i6bXDnbN5ECTskokQ-KhxDiCV074hEexcB0lBjty8E4oTsyU-NYLXyBCRVPC2BZaIg26DC70VvE5HyWJke0IY67hJhoyxm-wCx9IF-iBQWAD8sUYAh7bHvyAFXZMgQpIKjUoMK4N9v0714CthhPglw8fpCbrV8BEaxCGUovNElTiR-Kgo0iOnzJhCnKVzmKuxB7gtfO1Q7rdQhhtWyPF4AeOeEUD_4eTkL_N4dSEJp9x8PSMZBTcbm0v7whV6d4TrRCSNXu9BlCUpazOcFJct1pNomrWVwZAz8fSnzYbl5crvHBprfY6mSYK_JsNsKVD7rYTKS1aQ3O9l5nxppnNrylxK1I-tGm2fk1vRlgDM6X-SFhLnn7cVVpgX1WHylHeB-Rv9C12qK-aeYuJjS4D5S8JB622iPM6eN4ooSxZSAB8XKfO0GVtBHiuaDEfXHlaZY3pGNWxVWZm5USxW6nAMoRqmMAb5d8i7shq-u_5yyr7KuJJqBFvcMMTyOPj9OJx6uXTdeMCjK6LTNiN9xa6IUHHWfsmlFiwfxCHgOcYysf0b38o6O3dUWtHZl7-fPfbVSXDOrAPQAK1mXGqq3uK0AG53oZ0ihADtMDa0ShuvgIsSK7daORIqDe9MWzQRFm376czgOIKJd9KzDARhZ1D9HUoOV599g1MK8foUJutLDhyO2T0EXec49IueqUqsWnS9i3Hh50LE4m3rH0jNdyB5OrojDhT5FSZfxJfKKlhjd7EjW_GXTnklV2nJwzNyYGat7mfg==&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,1 dag geleden,1 dag geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
44,social worker,Indeed,pj_fda98fd2e266fdc5,IT Manager,Michael Page, Schiphol,"About Our Client
dnata keeps the world in the air! Whether it concerns handling of Passengers or Cargo Aircraft, they ensure that customers can keep their promises. Dnata - based in Dubai - is part of the Emirates group and also located at Schiphol (NL) and Zaventem (BE) airports. They provide passenger, baggage, disaster and cargo handling services to many internationally operating airlines. Safety and security are crucial in their business operations. With 650 employees, together with some 300 flex workers, they ensure that aircrafts are loaded and unloaded as safely and efficiently as possible and that passengers check in, board and alight smoothly. It goes without saying that they ensure that flights depart on time. they work on that 24/7!
Job Description
The IT manager is responsible for creating and executing the IT policy of the organizations, with focus on continuous process optimization, cost control and with the aim of striving for a so-called no excuse environment, in order to improve the IT processes for cargo handling, passenger services. and disaster services. The IT manager is also the person who builds and expands the IT organization with a view to the future. He / she directs the department and manages the process. To this end, the IT manager formulates an appealing plan and will realize these plans in consultation with the upper management. The IT manager manages the IT department via 3 direct reports. As a project manager, the IT manager regularly directs project groups in which dnata employees as well as external advisers and suppliers participate. To summarize the duties and responsibilities: * Develop and implement an IT strategy that contributes to the clear long-term vision of the company and adjust it periodically based on market data, organizational wishes, customer wishes, professional knowledge and social developments; * Oversee and manage all IT processes for quality, effectiveness, delivery reliability and cost-efficiency; * Assessing and monitoring the progress and costs of all investments for IT; * Taking responsibility for the IT performance of the organization through effective management of the IT department in close cooperation with stakeholders from the primary process and external suppliers and thus ensuring that the result is greater than the sum of the individual performances; * Take the lead in IT change processes for the entire process chain, so that the strength of the Operational Service Excellence and supply chain optimization is reinforced; * Build a strong relationship of trust with his / her team, motivate and develop employees, thereby promoting collaboration; * Sparring partner for Managing Directors and MTs; * An exemplary role with regard to integrity, decisiveness and action-orientation and thereby create synergy.
An opportunity to be a part of an international company and a dynamic team
Lots of scope to learn and grow within the company
The Successful Applicant
* Academic working and thinking level in combination with - at least - a completed relevant Bachelor's degree (Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering, ..) * At least 5 to 8 years of experience in a similar role; * Experience with managing (logistics) IT processes within the aviation sector; * Experience with implementation, optimization and standardization of IT processes; * Affinity with (process) automation * Knowledge of PC, server and network and database technology (SQL, Oracle), telecommunication, cloud solutions and IT security * Strongly developed anticipatory and problem-solving ability; * A clear doer mentality (hands-on and no nonsense); * High degree of organizational sensitivity and flexibility; * A results-oriented People manager and team player; * International experience is a plus * An excellent command of the Dutch and English language (French is a plus)
What's on Offer
An opportunity to be a part of a dynamic team, a competitive salary package and a company car.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=fda98fd2e266fdc5&from=vj&sjdu=4Y28b5dfoFRawt9rvORiBKyt_wHNU5rZ8uGgB5M1Zd7bpUovh5gmUMp6m-rlYOlKsb9nu-OW4zu41jhTroP6CKS8uK_wrht1n5qcA_VPcPhs0bNvHpfOsJloiPq-HZFV6PoYT3SibvyiJtxI7MLcMPlhCUg0H-sUqsroi-RwqVlNERPb6Ifbp2AKXok-uEgE02hOWonCCY4vlYsn7R37nTUR7Ltf4So_dYxhU_cg3WU&spon=1&adid=362945370&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BQx9zSiyEqaPFd55WgSbrogcybLLMOvaJifgHohN9UOrFhrmu1MhjlwDxEKatwBfn6NFyPu_Uof-urf4O5tIhs1W5h0nfqaND2ZEHNmo6YffDbbvnGWtu-xCL0YO8VthiddhKQ3Y905Ir2y16g_2PZ3v02ANoz6wwCoDwOQATlUq3wgRkBHBQvlIQxXAWvXF5UT8v4l3JRnwv9aTHvXPhFWxX2pQ2fesMmsqwOeCD1FiTpv8LMxob5DYqYsgooCoSrKEQIqpjzSrKUrl96h7jwThIJu7RaI4G4sggpCQgKWyCLxbOlzjkSAZmeh6MZ14qtEo9MbVk2VHn5QNFcAlJGMF1uYdHrY4j1wYRmIdlQV73os4fh2nQC2H0L4ueVzkJa_uL3CbyXZHggrA9DxzltYW4fTNAvLyj3r1mIQ3_jR5_inYHC7cDPB6NHyjFzPsvc3xYHIMlj86_UW2CgvVrz8P1OqsK-M_T0Om_Qgkn_K5_Eqy_R1WFe1E6eEZaHOF_vrE5fzZgVG3gSzzr7E2enAH1tdX_OZ5LiTHpFVE4eypO74OZq6MgopgFlS6tnFzakqe_EbxPVO39YmdGZLrgnYCVaoT3d46F8E8mhtGVv9N9vYxE6TJd_&astse=f27ef319a1c41d0e&assa=5667,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BQx9zSiyEqaPFd55WgSbrogcybLLMOvaJifgHohN9UOrFhrmu1MhjlwDxEKatwBfn6NFyPu_Uof-urf4O5tIhs1W5h0nfqaND2ZEHNmo6YffDbbvnGWtu-xCL0YO8VthiddhKQ3Y905Ir2y16g_2PZ3v02ANoz6wwCoDwOQATlUq3wgRkBHBQvlIQxXAWvXF5UT8v4l3JRnwv9aTHvXPhFWxX2pQ2fesMmsqwOeCD1FiTpv8LMxob5DYqYsgooCoSrKEQIqpjzSrKUrl96h7jwThIJu7RaI4G4sggpCQgKWyCLxbOlzjkSAZmeh6MZ14qtEo9MbVk2VHn5QNFcAlJGMF1uYdHrY4j1wYRmIdlQV73os4fh2nQC2H0L4ueVzkJa_uL3CbyXZHggrA9DxzltYW4fTNAvLyj3r1mIQ3_jR5_inYHC7cDPB6NHyjFzPsvc3xYHIMlj86_UW2CgvVrz8P1OqsK-M_T0Om_Qgkn_K5_Eqy_R1WFe1E6eEZaHOF_vrE5fzZgVG3gSzzr7E2enAH1tdX_OZ5LiTHpFVE4eypO74OZq6MgopgFlS6tnFzakqe_EbxPVO39YmdGZLrgnYCVaoT3d46F8E8mhtGVv9N9vYxE6TJd_&p=8&fvj=1&vjs=3,11 dagen geleden,11 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
45,social worker,Indeed,p_f6849dbbbe4c21d3,HR Generalist Amsterdam,Projob, Amsterdam,"For one of our international clients in the fast food industry, we are looking for an allround HR professional. In this position you will be responsible for the administration & organisation of the full employee life cycle, including Recruitment, On-Boarding, Payroll & Administration, People Development process, (sick) leave, reporting and the Termination process.
Over het bedrijf
Fast-food restaurant chain.
Salaris en aantal uur per week
€3000,- tot €3500,- gross per month based on fulltime
40 hours
32 uur is bespreekbaar
Over de functie
Your purpose is to drive the HR agenda of employer branding, on boarding and engagement, diversity, equity and inclusion within the franchise community and deliver operational HR support in order to support business growth through people and an engaged workforce.

Your tasks include:

Arbo & employee well-being; ensure a safe and healthy work environment and drive engagement initiatives and ensure compliance with Arbo regulations;

Organisational announcements and HR policies: prepare office communication related to HR and HR policies and handbook;

Drive and execute the strategy and tactics to drive performance on key HR measures (turnover, sickness and engagement);

Partners with line managers to drive World Class Operations by building people- and leadership capability for restaurant leaders;

Partners with HR Manager and GM in interactions with the Workers Council on all HR related topics;

Drive and execute culture initiatives that support operations and recognition platforms. Culture Management includes culture assessment, reinforcement, and cultural change programs;

Implementing a compensation and benefits strategy structured around a 'Total Reward' framework that informs, retains and engages talent at all levels;

Secure compliance within the strategy to local legislation;

Drive execution of performance management and individual development planning processes;

Working closely with the restaurant leaders in all areas of the people process to ensure quality of appraisals, midyear reviews, end of year reviews and pay review processes.

Influencing and convincing capabilities;

Ability to communicate effectively, work with a wide range of individuals at all levels, including within franchise organizations;

Knowledge of Dutch labour law, Social Security legislation and Wet Verbetering Poortwachter (Gate Keeper Act). And CLA or applicable collective arrangements;

Ability to understand and act on effects of change processes;

Experience with HR information tools and ability to generate relevant information;

Fluent in Dutch and business English is mandatory.

Contact
Are you interested in the position and do you have the required skills and experience? Please send us your CV with a short letter of motivation. For more information feel free to call us at 020-5738383.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f6849dbbbe4c21d3&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=0bb75d35c8ae50ef&assa=975,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f6849dbbbe4c21d3&fccid=dfb53d99a3cb9990&vjs=3,14 dagen geleden,14 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
46,social worker,Indeed,p_48181072a5adc27f,Senior Auditor,Five Finance Recruitment, Amsterdam,"Omschrijving
Senior Auditor

What are you going to do?

As (Senior) Assistant Audit & Assurance within this (international) audit practice, you - where possible - handle the more complex items in the annual accounts. You are analytical and see it as a challenge to dive into this and check these items carefully. You know better than anyone what is happening at the customer and would like to get to the bottom of the matter: expose the risks. You work meticulously and are reliable. You have a high degree of integrity and a sense of responsibility: keeping agreements is self-evident for you. You enjoy guiding the junior assistants in your department and it gives you satisfaction to ensure that they can perform their work as efficiently as possible.

What is offered to you?


Competitive salary
Travel allowance or lease budget
28 holiday days
32h or 40h contract
Personal budget for development

What is expected of you?


Studying for RA
Dutch and English fluency
3+ years of experience in audit
Entrepreneurial mindset

Where are you going to work?

You will work within an informal and collegial organization. You do not attach yourself to a fixed workplace or environment, because - social as you are - you enjoy working regularly on location at your customer. Your co-workers are young and the company often organizes company events throughout Europe.

Learn more or apply directly?

Do you have what it takes to join this unique team? If you are up for the challenge or want to learn about other opportunities in finance, contact me - Stefan Maznev

mail: stefan.maznev@fivefinancerecruitment.com

phone: +31 107 549 100

Location

Amsterdam",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=48181072a5adc27f&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=6390f78a3900f299&assa=8662,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=48181072a5adc27f&fccid=4d587a8973f8db5e&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
47,social worker,Indeed,p_8b53611edf711fac,Lecturer Business Innovation,Hogeschool Inholland, Diemen,"Jouw rol
What are your roles as our new colleague?
You will act as a learning coach in our learning community
You will be teaching several masterclasses and organizing (interactive) workshops (online and offline)
You will provide coaching to students on a personal basis
Coaching students on personal level in the personal development study units
You will be responsible for several coordinating tasks such as lab coordinator and study unit leader
You have the possibility to be e a member of the exam committee, assessment committee or program committee
Wie ben jij
Job requirements
Master degree in Innovation, Design, Business or equivalent
An Excellent command of English, both oral and in writing
Preferably you have didactic experience and are in possession of a teaching qualification
Passioned about educating young adults in the field of Business Innovation
Excellent coaching and collaboration skills and an entrepreneurial mindset
Knowledge of research skills and practice oriented skills is considered a plus
Wat bieden wij
What we offer

We offer you a challenging working environment in which you will be constantly stimulated to give your very best performance. We are design oriented and constantly innovating organization. Flexibility and agility is therefore essential.
In our team there is plenty of space to innovate, create and be pro-active. We also appreciate a hands on mentality; sometimes stuff just needs to get done!
The initial engagement will be for a period of 12 months. The employment contract may then be renewed subject to performance.
The gross salary has been set at a maximum of €5.026,85 per month in salary scale 11 on the basis of full-time employment. Inholland applies a 36-hour working week.
Your salary level will depend on your relevant professional and other experience and education.
A working week of 32 hours a week.
An 8% holiday allowance paid out in May
An 8.3% year-end bonus payable in December
A generous leave scheme allowing for individual choice. For example: employees with a full-time appointment who have opted to work 40 hours a week will have 428 hours of leave per year. This comes down to a total of 53.5 days off. Our leave scheme includes the compulsory days off and all national and public holidays.
An attractive pension scheme through ABP (Pension Fund for government and education sector workers).
An easily accessible work location at Diemen/Amsterdam. All travel expenses for public transport will be reimbursed in full. If you choose to use your own transport, please be aware that you will be reimbursed to a limited extent.
We will provide you all the facilities you need to further your professional and personal development. We value your willingness to learn. The courage to learn is one of our core values.
You will be covered by a partial disability insurance paid for entirely by Inholland University of Applied Sciences.
We offer our employees a generous paid parental leave scheme and a supplement to the statutory spousal leave schemes in the event of child birth or adoption.
We provide a pleasant and informal working environment, and know our colleagues and students by name.
In addition to these employment benefits, we also offer a selection menu through which you can - for example - buy and sell holidays over and above the statutory minimum, take part in our bicycle scheme or offset your travel expenses and union dues.
The social partners remain committed to improving the quality of education, research, the educational organisation and staff. We adhere to the collective labour agreement for higher professional education (cao hbo). An attractive package of primary and secondary employment conditions.
Jouw werkomgeving
About Inholland University of Applied Sciences

As you will notice when you come to work for Inholland, we are committed to our students and staff. Our organisational culture is personal and intimate, ensuring a learning and working environment where everyone knows each other by name. We offer you the space you need to keep developing yourself both professionally and personally, regardless of your role or level within the organisation. This will help you to be an inspiring example for our students (as they are for us) and remain relevant in an ever-changing world.

At each of our 8 locations across the Randstad conurbation, from the northern part of North Holland to the Drecht cities, we help students develop into confident professionals capable of making society more sustainable, healthy and creative. We offer a safe foundation to prepare them for the jobs of the future. We offer a broad range of higher professional education programmes and research opportunities that optimally reflect developments in the field and cover various areas of interest: from healthcare to economics and from technology to education.

Our lecturers and support service staff set high standards for our students, each other and themselves. In our ever-changing world, it takes courage to be vulnerable and adjust your views to reflect new insights. It also takes guts to keep a critical mindset, try out new things and follow your instincts. Real progress requires a constant process of exploration, trial, error and persistence. Learning = daring.",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=8b53611edf711fac&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=85b4851da32c67ed&assa=9573,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=8b53611edf711fac&fccid=b75000dcc110c92e&vjs=3,14 dagen geleden,14 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
48,social worker,Indeed,pj_b36d3a72d4a1fc82,Senior Auditor,Five Finance Recruitment, Amsterdam,"Senior Auditor



What are you going to do?

As (Senior) Assistant Audit & Assurance within this (international) audit practice, you - where possible - handle the more complex items in the annual accounts. You are analytical and see it as a challenge to dive into this and check these items carefully. You know better than anyone what is happening to the customer and would like to get to the bottom of the matter: expose the risks. You work meticulously and are reliable. You have a high degree of integrity and a sense of responsibility: keeping agreements is self-evident for you. You enjoy guiding the junior assistants in your department and it gives you satisfaction to ensure that they can perform their work as efficiently as possible.

What is offered to you?

Competitive salary
Travel allowance or lease budget
28 holiday days
32h or 40h contract
Personal budget for development

What is expected of you?

Studying for RA
Dutch and English fluency
3+ years of experience in audit
Entrepreneurial mindset

Where are you going to work?

You will work within an informal and collegial organization. You do not attach yourself to a fixed workplace or environment, because - social as you are - you enjoy working regularly on location at your customer. Your co-workers are young and the company often organizes company events throughout Europe.


Learn more or apply directly?

Do you have what it takes to join this unique team? If you are up for the challenge or want to learn about other opportunities in finance, contact me - Stefan Maznev

mail: stefan.maznev@fivefinancerecruitment.com

phone: +31 107 549 100

Location

Amsterdam",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8arYy_jSNWf1a2GtUvhh50zguO0ADH0iOKSv03bf1mMwwcjRWYk4RRvM5ca3l9F6CMdXmsD2ggFAAt5mW5ZPEIdE14CnSx6KoHQJbAoayU5tjj8JWIJsCquBFxQMMVcUQS5LbpAiFY4tCsirZFxYyHy2qEH_-9gx3moMBbFEgXbaxZ6o5f60EyA2ZCtH3_JTKANUdhkkFnvKZO1MVPgNHZlakhfgFORlra_h6KQFncA7qHUixc3V5V5S5gfStBCuX1He-JzS6mYLbLD_0570LqZIsXXUWebNazqJYHip8QpCgKn6GQhtqjr34NAFZ6AhxaXT8Zm6QlYwQiLj1Y63ckdI_9tfMtA9y8GgHsWso67cFPPwiQMhmsDAOkZI-1eGY9aukE50U78AGeEsoxNEmFtFeImqVMSCad0FWrmNPADMoAZWa-Fb5Ugt-ij4FElRu26VU8FtpXW4AwvcgPOpcTBlhZZdNX_6zGjJamp8Z3J_bWxGRu_lDsd6uOnltq8pua_gMWFP-IQt68GB8BiauVHM-MzZ-R-wRWXG1OBHYItg9j-dI7jmf18xK3_CKPEqnibSlaXG4Va4je5ga8bDNumJOR5HqYN_g07fr5n7qCxPUOsoKTDlC7CHu1QBgjk_Asij8jUZjTPjj5eLNxSNCtJPEpZ4qmFx3wJo2tTaKpuP3YLdcQw5ny4uC3iQeH_e2awhDNXSbfaONi13dFhIDoiA2cekRSWpPiBva7nr9_cEjfGY3Qq5L111eMtl6kGg=&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-03-04,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
49,social worker,Indeed,pj_04534720c4307a85,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DsGMu4ptPaMMPH-fJSZ9xLpK0VUsg7ap69GDwW3lFXdJf51xDrAABAWhW3UbHScyTwbVUuBURaN3WJhnzq3eex4k0luJ7dIrUcvFXNVMIFHcz-9MlIm45_u5XOl-bJmwP5TcF3IViPvmASmcYSnx6T16rv6F2N8bhaW0GYraRvQ-gsOX8pYpKt1-5WV9z3z4abifhMBrwqrC3XGJZd-Q7jh2WAcxTrJ5mS3KoYJOK2RS6rTXLyQ4YgoNNUhn7S2G_U2LgCic3ixJovSQ-gY7D2YzST7dU3lyBM4dDjz5AC332QPvqVDzPKl6pzwYKm00Yf78NNT_s9dlCxmq5xNHim1vbFs0ND51KGySRNzFb65zx34XhpNiVLm2yO-ZQOmpkP5E0t1f7V1UBH_n6hHUa5kk3_c8f-AjnM4HsCpZlSw1NnMYQvqy-NzzyB4cMtpnmLCBwdtJdl1AvlWTqcTdv3biaPBxHU1O9_49qUvyQlnR3yiB8TatfSrwuK5Da6X-CpwRwLv3yOeQ==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
50,social worker,Indeed,p_cabcb89c24008069,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cabcb89c24008069&fccid=dd09fe3b43125016&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
51,social worker,Indeed,p_3f89aebac46372b4,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&fccid=6409a89a253cca0b&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
52,social worker,Indeed,pj_0c22db0e478b385d,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DNxxK6OC0U3H7iZ8H5lM8JmgmA2PMnm5Le5v0Ys-wf1RijetKAh-Vn-dfgcEl75eY0aZgIFbl1WCaZcRjX3aHczkP9MR58k6YNiu9IaBBBRCadHqxSCRaoleN8w7ia0-ThCafdIIYQtsHS5bajYtYdOGPNheFi5HmofFlXcO3DWoAnE7EeDy9KFrfoywSeSBfuGGmVO4O4coxv8aBlOpxUf0VyOSASUpfNJztXe5LI3CTje4iKz85A7jSyhvWE_Od-u7YNNONMnhajCn7emh0CXFB7fisyg5MKScL9JhMJ6l3TdcuCJc-_eEKmORWUSTDWf0H7l25D7oiwCawBckguc91u7_2q9EDC8UBNDOdBRH61Z80gceoUCw9vu91sMIo-vbPLohZ0cEAf-JS5wmJu3Y-1yR3r9m8Ldmzswson6I8IaU1pUUDEe6j57YMmlqrfjqVvbuGUMpPGRWVaJvztQEStSnyg9r2htpNaeXeZD7nlbSoQe7k1242k51Vbc69OMf-tP3wKGWio7l59mmFf4jrFY0wCx-dSlfQ4NAZPe1Kj2w5gzTaNeoOvi7P-pkYuhov4zlhEv1VJQtTqUYeXOyY34GVGaOYFCLkoD5xKbAJYmPX6H5oGkkoRnYO6O9OaF9OuGx5ZkfnyYst0fEKD&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
53,social worker,Indeed,p_63fa57896c9d25a6,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=63fa57896c9d25a6&fccid=44229b4269b5fbcc&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
54,social worker,Indeed,p_70abb4d12f747fb8,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABA-Huis/jobs/Oproepkracht-Trainer-Persoonlijk-Begeleider-Social-Worker-Dagbehandeling-70abb4d12f747fb8?fccid=ed1ea3938bddd741&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
55,social worker,Indeed,p_b8de01179894362e,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?cmp=ABA-Huis&ti=Stagiair%28e%29+Trainer+Persoonlijk+Begeleider+Social+Worker&jk=b8de01179894362e&fccid=ed1ea3938bddd741&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
56,social worker,Indeed,p_0234bac082bdc597,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0234bac082bdc597&fccid=528d234c15a240e4&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
57,social worker,Indeed,p_c64fdaef090c9c25,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c64fdaef090c9c25&fccid=c68355f498b83335&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,agriculture and industry,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,A,0.2215868477483917,0.7784131522516083,0.49320943531093636,0.5060757684060043,Male,Mixed Age
58,social worker,Indeed,p_2bb95134ecfce259,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2bb95134ecfce259&fccid=b99389c90432dc33&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
59,social worker,Indeed,p_3acc2e2e72c9996d,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/RIFF/jobs/Social-Media-Engagement-Specialist-Philips-3acc2e2e72c9996d?fccid=edb2590ae3c273f9&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
60,social worker,Indeed,p_16983775a895a759,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABACUS-MEDICINE/jobs/Magazijnmedewerker-16983775a895a759?fccid=df28821559cda2eb&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,transportation and storage,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,H,0.24611398963730569,0.7538860103626943,0.5310880829015544,0.4689119170984456,Male,Older
61,social worker,Indeed,p_86db322160a22312,Community Manager / Customer Support (Including weekend shift),Creative Fabrica, Amsterdam,"A few important notes about this role:This role requires you to work 1 day on a weekendThe position is open for 40 hours (Sun - Thu) or 40 hours (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri & Sat)About the platformCreative Fabrica was launched in the summer of 2016 with the mission to change how digital designs are purchased and used. Since our launch, we have been through tremendous growth.We have scaled to 20 million+ monthly page views, viewing over 1.9 million listed products from 6000+ active designers.Our focus is to have designers on board that offer exceptional high-quality content and make their products searchable in unique ways. This allows our customers to speed up their workflow, allowing them to focus on what they love most: Creating.You will help us grow and take care of our community ❤They mean the world to usWhile the community around a company is important for most, you will soon see that at Creative Fabrica we consider it crucial. Our users are extremely engaged and are involved in every step of the business.Our goal at Community Support is not only to close as many tickets with the least effort or automate all answers with canned responses, but we aim to engage with our customers on a deeper level, turning unhappy customers into brand ambassadors.Our community never sleepsOur community is all around the world, with the majority being in (very) different time zones. This means that we are not always able to respond instantly to incoming requests. We mitigate this by making sure the communication from our side is at a very high level.For this role, we are looking for someone who is available Sunday through Thursday, and Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30) or  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday & Saturday (regular working hours, starting at 09:00 - 17:30)The kind of person we are looking forSome of these trades we consider crucial, others good to have. You will be doing a range of activities matching these skills.Self-startingYou are an independent worker. This means you are always exploring new opportunities and are self-motivating, driving yourself to reach new heights.You ❤ Design.You are smart, creative, confident, determined, and proactive.You are a graduate.You have a background in a support related field.You are a self-motivator. You are able to drive yourself to work, meet targets and be innovative.You have 2+ years of experience in Community / Social / Support.You are proficient in English (speaking & writing). Almost all communication is in English.You will be able to work 40 hours a week.For the full vacancy and to apply, please visit:  creativefabrica.homerun.co/community-manager-including-weekend-shiftJob Type: Full-timeSalary: €2,200.00 per monthExperience:Community / Social / Support: 2 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=86db322160a22312&fccid=ba772f4ec6792763&vjs=3,15 dagen geleden,15 dagen geleden,2021-04-07,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
62,social worker,Indeed,p_c64fdaef090c9c25,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=c64fdaef090c9c25&fccid=c68355f498b83335&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,agriculture and industry,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,A,0.2215868477483917,0.7784131522516083,0.49320943531093636,0.5060757684060043,Male,Mixed Age
63,social worker,Indeed,p_2c24ec88c393f5cc,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c24ec88c393f5cc&fccid=497146bfcc24a0f7&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
64,social worker,Indeed,p_e7ec31b1db943251,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7ec31b1db943251&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
65,social worker,Indeed,p_e2d4b3e83c21808e,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABACUS-MEDICINE/jobs/Teamleider-Magazijn-e2d4b3e83c21808e?fccid=df28821559cda2eb&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
66,social worker,Indeed,p_0234bac082bdc597,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=0234bac082bdc597&fccid=528d234c15a240e4&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
67,social worker,Indeed,p_384f6b0fb4fbcf67,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=384f6b0fb4fbcf67&fccid=8db55c9ad35e53c8&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
68,social worker,Indeed,p_28e6dc65d4d568c0,Sustainability Intern,Tradin Organic Agriculture BV, Amsterdam Centrum,"For our HQ in the center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, we are looking for a:

Sustainability Intern

The Sustainability intern forms a part of our international Sourcing & Sustainability team. This team consists of locally stationed field scouts and agronomists who work directly with farmers and processors to initiate and support conversion projects, scout for new suppliers, items or ideas and more generally continuously ensure the quality and organic integrity of our products. This local presence has enabled us to build a number of successful sourcing projects worldwide that provide us with a steady and secure supply of a wide range of organic ingredients.
The Sustainability intern will be closely working with the Sustainability Manager, who is responsible for defining and implementing the global sustainability agenda for Tradin Organic. One of the most important tasks will be the clear communication and visualization of the environmental and social impacts of Tradin Organic’s ongoing activities worldwide.
Your tasks, responsibilities and objectives

Support in the monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of our sourcing projects, and visualize this progress (impact two-pagers)
Measuring the carbon footprint in one or more Tradin Organic integrated value chains
Monitoring the progress of a social standard program at Tradin Organic
Contribute to internal and external communication on sustainability and sourcing projects
The tasks will include regular contact with both Tradin’s EU and USA sales offices, quality, sourcing and logistical department
Currently studying for a bachelor or master in a field related to sustainable (agricultural) development
Enrolled at a Dutch higher education institution
Currently living in the Netherlands
Strong drive to understand and implement carbon footprint measurement and offsetting schemes within Tradin Organic and its customers
Affinity with, and knowledge on, organic agriculture and its links with sustainability
Knowledge on, or interest to learn, about social standards
Knowledge of important social and environmental sustainability topics and reporting methods
Affinity with design and external communication
Skills / characteristics: self-starter, critical thinker, independent worker, curious, analytical, problem-solving, communicative, creative
Excellent proficiency of the English language (verbal and written), Dutch or another language (German, French, Spanish) is a plus
Availability for at least 20 weeks

The conditions of employment we offer

An exciting and challenging internship in a rapidly growing international company;
A fulltime internship (40 hours) for the period of at least 20 weeks, starting from May 1st, 2021
A workspace right in the center of Amsterdam, next to Central Station
Good working conditions and a pleasant and dynamic work environment;
An informal and professional company culture of team spirit with a can-do attitude.
Interested in this challenging internship?

Apply via the button below!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=28e6dc65d4d568c0&fccid=eece6bb778a064b5&vjs=3,16 dagen geleden,16 dagen geleden,2021-04-08,en,Yes,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
69,social worker,Indeed,p_7c407e8e8e768908,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Mindwize/jobs/Director-Digital-Strategy-Transformation-7c407e8e8e768908?fccid=d180abc3a50c6ec0&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-10,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
70,social worker,Indeed,p_28e6dc65d4d568c0,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=28e6dc65d4d568c0&fccid=eece6bb778a064b5&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-10,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
71,social worker,Indeed,p_2a1226327e822d2d,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a1226327e822d2d&fccid=edb2590ae3c273f9&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-10,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
72,social worker,Indeed,p_70abb4d12f747fb8,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABA-Huis/jobs/Oproepkracht-Trainer-Persoonlijk-Begeleider-Social-Worker-Dagbehandeling-70abb4d12f747fb8?fccid=ed1ea3938bddd741&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-10,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
73,social worker,Indeed,p_e7ec31b1db943251,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e7ec31b1db943251&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-10,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
74,social worker,Indeed,p_a8c75986ae2e3ce1,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=a8c75986ae2e3ce1&fccid=523c332ef5cf0428&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
75,social worker,Indeed,p_3acc2e2e72c9996d,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/RIFF/jobs/Social-Media-Engagement-Specialist-Philips-3acc2e2e72c9996d?fccid=edb2590ae3c273f9&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
76,social worker,Indeed,p_16983775a895a759,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABACUS-MEDICINE/jobs/Magazijnmedewerker-16983775a895a759?fccid=df28821559cda2eb&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,transportation and storage,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3.0,,H,0.24611398963730569,0.7538860103626943,0.5310880829015544,0.4689119170984456,Male,Older
77,social worker,Indeed,p_2bb95134ecfce259,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2bb95134ecfce259&fccid=b99389c90432dc33&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
78,social worker,Indeed,p_2a41299ec39c7a53,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2a41299ec39c7a53&fccid=d831c2beec0c3218&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
79,social worker,Indeed,pj_b4d751cb8c288dea,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BQx9zSiyEqaPFd55WgSbrogcybLLMOvaJifgHohN9UOrFhrmu1MhjlHnl2MzcF2lNYpmpQIbEfZUxhbcGBYll9ojDYRb-NfkZytdYlo-gxkH-blUG5I40aw8Iil8-dXCUAbfDUxyDknnObv2-SHq3Xe0QmpgO7Cm4Jy3M1Ni26OOj-T7mbOKz_h1_DMyk7or1fkW87nqciaXtpwIFefYdplQdA6J-wsov_Xv8VIAOcbBQ-Ze26IsCYRFwwvvIEBsqqmCI0h2PJdIi7DVbB3yoWNFNULunEln48rT0JYMkOtiG3PwX4LRA7omeJk1JpAhIHMtIgE8r6rB7ZOhPKql62uXKdU051zalw8DbYqTA6Uj1bNSflvdI86QUjl4ThsNZUQo_zjg3rCj2HvByhLnH27LviT-toRH5Bo5fRRCQ8POmYHKvtS0PVb8OTzVTxxZFgQ0IPdI_NoyfU22FVbmxQNd5oOSYwHpGzU_dysIiAjbxgwecvI5g7RBO7oqTKUAXu2i3lt3-g7TO02IRHV1NeGj7RK0hBInNYN15SLIovbFxwMToDTEP7Om22dPEeco0GYHmP64DIUNOOaM3yBWtkKakOJcqdJurkQZTDavM3sNZH3UOYvHePwxEiT1YyozAbC3GN5pusem0JYgAYiX2s1vRvQfd5F499d5n86qci2rC7rkFs1DFm&p=13&fvj=1&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
80,social worker,Indeed,p_2c24ec88c393f5cc,Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation,Mindwize, Hoofddorp,"This exciting leadership role is part of Mindwize’s Management Team; reporting to the CEO and working with account, creative, telemarketing, data, business development and other teams as well as international offices. As the Director of Digital Strategy and Transformation, you will manage and inspire a growing digital team including online marketers, project managers and an account manager.You will be an expert in both non-profit fundraising and digital communications, with the ability to keep up-to-date with developments in the sector. Comfortable with responsibility, you will lead on digital fundraising projects, helping to inspire supporters of our non-profit customers across Europe, the Nordics, the US, UK, Asia and Australia to help make the world a better place.You will train and support colleagues and give ongoing advice on best practice for non-profit digital campaigns. You will use your communication and team-building skills to maintain and develop internal relationships.You will set ambitious targets for maximizing online income for our customers. To meet those targets, you will use your analytical skills to evaluate audiences, opportunities and communications, and develop digital fundraising strategies that fit within broader client strategies.You have the ability to present digital strategy and ideas to a wider audience to help grow Mindwize’s visibility, business and revenue. This may involve workshops, conference presentations and authoring articles for industry publications.Naturally creative and curious, you’ll always be looking for new and exciting ways to engage and delight current audiences, recruit new donors and optimize supporter journeys (not only online, but with a multidisciplinary view).You are:· A non-profit sector expert· Curious· Able to inspire and connect teams, people and digital channels· An entrepreneurial and creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills who is able to communicate about complex (digital) issues on C-level, inspiring trust and confidence.You have:· 8-10 years relevant working experience (non-profit digital campaigns and strategy), ideally including experience within non-profits and experience within an agency or consultancy· A data-driven approach and strength with analyzing and deriving insights from data· A university degree; MBA or MSc degree in related field preferred· Knowledge of fundraising· Deep understanding of the impact of technological solutions and how digital strategy and solutions fit into an organization’s holistic customer experience· Ability to see ‘the bigger picture’· Experience in transforming strategies to be more digitally-focused.You like:· Working in a great team· Having fun· Experimenting· Data· Saying what you do and doing what you say· Learning about the latest technological developments and trends· Health and wellness (we provide 2 times a week a bootcamp and one yoga class)· Lunch is (mostly) on us during normal office working days: Team lunch is part of our local culture and we appreciate everyone's presence. It's a time of the day to catch up on life, crack jokes, plan and discuss fun things.· Tools & Tech: We empower our employees with the hardware, training, and other materials to help you succeed· Extraordinary culture: Focused on learning and every employee's personal and professional development· Meaningful work: You'll have an opportunity to make a major impact through the work of our customers· Amazing co-workers: You'll be surrounded by a passionate, high performing, collaborative team that can help you learn something new every day... and you’re not scared of· A team of 60+ staff, some of which have been with us for a long time (we like new people to shake us up!)· Anything technical, including CRM, digital advertising platforms, responsive design, platform integration, CMS, functional and technical specifications, HTML and CSS templates· Engaging and building relationships with customers.Acquisition as a result of this advertisement is not appreciated.Reference ID: MW2021Contract length: 12 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: From €2,000.00 per monthWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place",-1,-1,https://indeed.nljavascript:void(0);,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c24ec88c393f5cc&fccid=497146bfcc24a0f7&vjs=3,3 dagen geleden,3 dagen geleden,2021-04-11,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
81,social worker,Indeed,p_3f89aebac46372b4,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&fccid=6409a89a253cca0b&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
82,social worker,Indeed,pj_b61f1cc0fc254e40,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cd93vLzUp-zDc_nCphv_9OGlm6-uyyqTANDoSmfSskMuvW2J0HY1rMKuboSFnfB6woZQmmucNtdFV_5CXARqNlD3wUI9spN9CSsSxY5w4dDWOspB-uVcN0VFeuNtUAlgftzD0_Y3gmBF9YuyHQEa53wIR1gqZzZNFqAGQIi77pPGMC1KbJken6qe3cce9UtWksvsk5-u7ff2ORn9gnawMwSw2pnRpP8_mQVMnN8NsG814m7VOy5e0VtcSyMnE2swY8YmTfdY3O10WIn4X7Qg2KhnBEGWHGpIc-tP2mKGC-1K1qpdLlw7-gVSWVbfPTe7vWSdXBRfai21TVOj7IrXD74APzhqdytd16bnELQhzZmzQZ2wUj4uK0_N-jGVVCjrAGRrzzZsTaJtmzYrsABz0qXHOJylDq3m_Outh7dnRDzsjc8rb-IqJTp3mpmxQxGbHcSygJvClFk4AY0_EDEvkm&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,"renting, buying, selling real estate",0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,,L,0.4852941176470588,0.5147058823529411,0.5294117647058824,0.4852941176470588,Mixed Gender,Older
83,social worker,Indeed,p_e36f00f8689ad095,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=e36f00f8689ad095&fccid=686992c6831d8b20&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,agriculture and industry,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,2.0,A,0.2215868477483917,0.7784131522516083,0.49320943531093636,0.5060757684060043,Male,Mixed Age
84,social worker,Indeed,p_c8b1048b52ef10a8,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sensa-Zorg-groep/jobs/Ambulant-Begeleiders-c8b1048b52ef10a8?fccid=0ff4a3e25e53e805&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
85,social worker,Indeed,p_cabcb89c24008069,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cabcb89c24008069&fccid=dd09fe3b43125016&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
86,social worker,Indeed,p_00f6ba67b97f9315,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sensa-Zorg-groep/jobs/Ambulant-Begeleiders-00f6ba67b97f9315?fccid=0ff4a3e25e53e805&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
87,social worker,Indeed,p_70abb4d12f747fb8,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABA-Huis/jobs/Oproepkracht-Trainer-Persoonlijk-Begeleider-Social-Worker-Locatie-Amsterdam-70abb4d12f747fb8?fccid=ed1ea3938bddd741&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
88,social worker,Indeed,p_2c24ec88c393f5cc,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c24ec88c393f5cc&fccid=497146bfcc24a0f7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
89,social worker,Indeed,p_27f08d31cdb7b5f3,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=27f08d31cdb7b5f3&fccid=af17ea0d1d6bbbba&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
90,social worker,Indeed,p_66f567835d8e0bad,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=66f567835d8e0bad&fccid=1478f375b56b55d4&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
91,social worker,Indeed,p_74b1c2b291cf542d,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Sensa-Zorg-groep/jobs/Ambulant-Begeleiders-Social-Workers-Omgeving-74b1c2b291cf542d?fccid=0ff4a3e25e53e805&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
92,social worker,Indeed,p_28ee52acde4b2579,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=28ee52acde4b2579&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
93,social worker,Indeed,p_1690f9e63b2fa42d,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1690f9e63b2fa42d&fccid=49f7bc79aa89d6b5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
94,social worker,Indeed,p_1c4b3c4ea99ddfb9,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1c4b3c4ea99ddfb9&fccid=8212e26fa8fd66e6&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
95,social worker,Indeed,p_e070b4e400cce767,Internships Ogilvy|Social.Lab Amsterdam,Ogilvy SocialLab, Amsterdam Zuid,"Overview:

Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is looking for interns!
Starting in September 2021 you will have the opportunity to experience what it’s like to work at a global social-first advertising agency, part of the global WPP network. We are hiring new interns across our different departments: Account, Public Relations, Creative, Studio, Strategy and Finance.
Inspiring work environment
Ogilvy Social.Lab Amsterdam is based at the WPP Campus at Amsteldok. We have an open floor design, so you’ll be right in the thick of it, surrounded by around 100 colleagues. There are few barriers in this open and transparent setting, where everyone interacts with everyone: at the kitchen bar or the restaurant.
 Colleagues on the same wavelength
As a multinational agency, Ogilvy Social.Lab provides a multicultural work environment, which means your co-workers could just as easily be from the US, Turkey, Sweden or South Africa as from the Dutch polders. As an intern, you will be expected to have a strong verbal and written command of English as it’s the formal language of communication at Ogilvy Social.Lab (knowledge of Dutch or other languages is a plus).
Experiences that will drive your career forward
Ogilvy Social.Lab is offering 5+ month internships to ambitious students still enrolled in Advertising, Business Economics, Marketing, Communications, PR or Arts - linked studies (HBO/University level at a Dutch or European institution).
The interns will support the members of their department in the daily execution of different tasks. They will learn on the job while working on a number of clients' and teams' projects. When working on smaller-scale projects, we’ll expect you to take charge right off the bat, taking on a wide variety of responsibilities. This is a unique opportunity to learn about the day-to-day operations of an advertising agency and master the fundamentals of the job within the desired department.
 A place where your work and talents are appreciated
Let there be no mistake about it: an Ogilvy Social.Lab internship is hard work. We’re not nine-to-five people and the job won’t always be glamorous, but you can be assured that you’ll always be part of the team. We’ll take a personal interest in your development and listen to your input, so that you’ll not only acquire work experience, but will also be able to develop your talents (and have more to write about in your internship report!).
Inspiring playing field
If you’d like to be part of an exciting playing field at a large creative agency, feel free to email your relevant details to manon.claes@ogilvy.com. Don’t procrastinate, as September is just around the corner!",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=3f89aebac46372b4&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=cbce32c4da3d2880&assa=6822,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/Huyswaert-Zorg/jobs/Persoonlijk-Begeleider-e070b4e400cce767?fccid=266dc6c542e40962&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
96,social worker,Indeed,p_f3625ee984961442,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f3625ee984961442&fccid=b49380bc00c7366e&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
97,social worker,Indeed,p_7c28d1cc9085cce0,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=7c28d1cc9085cce0&fccid=64c476772f3101c2&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,financial institutions,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2.0,,K,0.39416058394160586,0.6058394160583942,0.5328467153284672,0.46715328467153283,Mixed Gender,Older
98,social worker,Indeed,p_1690f9e63b2fa42d,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=1690f9e63b2fa42d&fccid=49f7bc79aa89d6b5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
99,social worker,Indeed,p_cabcb89c24008069,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=cabcb89c24008069&fccid=dd09fe3b43125016&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,information and communication,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,J,0.27586206896551724,0.7241379310344828,0.3275862068965517,0.6724137931034483,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
100,social worker,Indeed,p_70abb4d12f747fb8,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/company/ABA-Huis/jobs/Oproepkracht-Trainer-Persoonlijk-Begeleider-Social-Worker-Locatie-Amsterdam-70abb4d12f747fb8?fccid=ed1ea3938bddd741&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
101,social worker,Indeed,p_28ee52acde4b2579,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=28ee52acde4b2579&fccid=48bd81b1458076a5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
102,social worker,Indeed,p_66f567835d8e0bad,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=66f567835d8e0bad&fccid=1478f375b56b55d4&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
103,social worker,Indeed,pj_0985645567b5b1b5,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CsYjhcCPLAHjvMWThzVvZg6KIkbar23ry_iolu7XDLGmaJ-W5sjCCJw2kLPmpsyiHJqrG4GH47zECp_www875v5uZrSsbrc0PXIioCh4a2kCYJUroKvokZKzijvP9ptY8dRgT71CIYCFbBcMlQLWXsfFThF_i7OklJM8nuT1kj6qR0S_8NaV2cDfjIpIoHLjPb3etj1lcbgo0uU-ovt32NfqmovTzkNKuCYg0f6xfw1gLctR9m5qn_ibyEOqyxxEuGdXo6bvrgubmgCxQBg0qUxt92TTWwGEmJ9PkXRj_5fi0nLSi5rLRvwAaOhmM0t50P6waPuaM9aeN_NxqA6N7n7Lc2tcUuGCoQgDlDOtjqhwX0JcZC0CHnp3ExTQchzh8tCC9nGxgt2xdMS4FawuuHjn7cs51u9ucMcU7RLuv6REvaXmwUySTowSFghEc-5RUZQRuRbE8WPkfiuVJKmABk7i__MlU7NYhOudYPgHtoagXu-WBItZXTuftGGnb5YbaKEHihmdbOPzp1kni5ad9LymfiztbYH6gPYl-RiSDQ1Q==&p=7&fvj=0&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
104,social worker,Indeed,p_f4b6951250e3a0a6,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=f4b6951250e3a0a6&fccid=92a3f2d7a5eeb233&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
105,social worker,Indeed,p_28e6dc65d4d568c0,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=28e6dc65d4d568c0&fccid=eece6bb778a064b5&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
106,social worker,Indeed,p_d7a4d615be43c443,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=d7a4d615be43c443&fccid=edb2590ae3c273f9&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
107,social worker,Indeed,p_192f370840f71d87,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=192f370840f71d87&fccid=6d76c7ec59b89971&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
108,social worker,Indeed,p_3f5ed8be916c75fb,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3f5ed8be916c75fb&fccid=6d76c7ec59b89971&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
109,social worker,Indeed,p_2c24ec88c393f5cc,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=2c24ec88c393f5cc&fccid=497146bfcc24a0f7&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,health and social work activities,1.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,Q,0.842986741102582,0.15631542219120725,0.4612700628053036,0.537334263782275,Female,Mixed Age
110,social worker,Indeed,p_3f8749f61263a3bc,Project officer,Soa Aids Nederland, Amsterdam,"Aidsfonds - STI AIDS Netherlands works as one organization on a world without AIDS and on reduction of STIs and HIV in the Netherlands. Over 140 highly motivated people work at our office in Amsterdam.
We are at a historic turning point in the fight against AIDS. We have all the knowledge to defeat the AIDS epidemic for good. In the Netherlands and in the rest of the world. But it is not yet a completed race. If we do not put the fight against AIDS at the highest speed now, the epidemic will continue. That cannot happen. Together with 140,000 donors and partners, such as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Postcode Loterij, Aidsfonds does everything to prevent that. As one of the largest private funds, we have been playing a pioneering role in the fight against AIDS for years. To put an end to AIDS, we work with local communities, support research and ensure that AIDS remains high on the global agenda. Soa Aids Nederland is the center of expertise in the field of STD, HIV and sexual health in the Netherlands.
International teams
is headed by a departmental manager and consists of three teams: one team supporting Children, Youth, Women, one team supporting Key Populations, and one Advisory team. The colleagues on these teams carry out their duties within various (multidisciplinary) projects.
To join our International department, Key Populations team, we are looking for a
Project officer (temporary position)
(temporary position for one year; 32 hours per week)
Love Alliance
Love Alliance
The project officer will primary support the Coordinator of the Love Alliance in her day to day coordination of the five-year strategic partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs focusing on advocacy for health and rights for key populations.
About the Love Alliance see our website: aidsfonds.org/work/love-alliance/news/call-for-proposals-advocacy-towards-srhr-for-key-populations
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild and Free
Young Wild Free is a project focussed on prevention, treatment, care and support services for young key populations (sex workers, LGBTI people and people who use drugs). Young key populations experience additional barriers, for example laws and regulations preventing service providers from providing services to young people. This project will contribute to the body of knowledge on how best to reach and engage young key population members and to design culturally and age-appropriate services. In the final year of this project, you will be responsible for the documentation and dissemination of the project learnings amongst others via a webpage collaborating with multiple partners.
Tasks and responsibilities
Main tasks and responsibilities
The project officer will support the coordinator of the Love Alliance with day-to-day coordination of the Love Alliance as part of the administrative lead team. This will include supporting diverse and ad-hoc processes and tasks, for example including the supporting the annual planning and reporting cycle, Theory of Change validation, preparing information for the Advisory Board and Activist Advisory Committee and execute decisions made in these governance bodies.
Implements specific parts from the Love Alliance administrative lead project plan with regards to coordination and support of the Alliance Partners
Preparing relevant documents for the Strategic Board and other coordination bodies
Supports the reporting and annual planning process of alliance partners by for example compiling reports and content.
Monitors the progress on work plans and budgets of grantees and advises the project team on specific tasks
Supporting contracting of consultants and grantees
Supporting PMEL execution (including operational research)
Maintains network relevant to the implementation of the Love Alliance administrative lead
Identifies policy, project or funding opportunities

Your salary will be between € 2.719 and € 4.393 gross per month (for 36 hours). it is a temporary position. You will be offered a fixed term contract for one year.
Requirements & competencies
Requirements & competencies
Minimum 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience
Preferably knowledge of/affinity with HIV/AIDS, the international playing field, and programmatic approaches
Knowledge of project management/project based creation
Flexible, creative, independent, analytical
Excellent relationship building skills, with an ability to influence and motivate people at all levels
Experience in working with diverse group of stakeholders, including civil society, donors and other experts
Experience in working for a lead party of an alliance or consortium
Master degree in international development, social sciences, or another relevant field
Fluent English communication skills, able to read and understand Dutch, French or Arabic language skills are appreciated
Involvement
Involvement
Working at Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland means working with other professionals to invest the best in yourself for a good goal. We are an organization with an open, welcoming and collaborative atmosphere.
Aidsfonds - Soa Aids Nederland aims at a diverse workforce with a balanced representation of men and women, ages, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds. We particularly encourage applications from qualified candidates who are living with HIV and/or from key affected communities.
As a result of the Covid 19 pandemic, we currently mainly work from home.
More information
More information
On our website www.aidsfonds.org; www.aidsfonds.nl; www.soaaids.nl .
You can also contact Lynn Werlich, Head of the Key Populations team at lwerlich@aidsfonds.nl or Naroesha Jagessar, Coordinator of the Love Alliance (njagessar@aidsfonds.nl) (Please use this e-mail address only for questions and more information. If you would you like to apply, please use the link below).",-1,-1,https://indeed.nl/rc/clk?jk=f3625ee984961442&from=vj&mvj=0&vjfrom=vjs&pos=bottom&astse=ec9e4db4e8bcc890&assa=2300,https://nl.indeed.com/vacature-bekijken?jk=3f8749f61263a3bc&fccid=6d76c7ec59b89971&vjs=3,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,Meer dan 30 dagen geleden,2021-05-01,en,No,No,education,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,2.0,P,0.6512915129151291,0.34870848708487084,0.466789667896679,0.5313653136531366,Mixed Gender,Mixed Age
